#WeAreMovieClub Review:
Avengers: Age of Ultron

Format: Live Action
Applicable Settings: Modern
Applicable Genres: Comics, Sci-Fi, Action

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	While this certainly isn't the best movie the Marvel Cinematic Universe has to offer, there is value in giving this a watch: a lot of the other movies will be dependent on things that happened here.

General:
	
	
Aesthetics:  88
	There are a lot of cool effects in this movie, some greatly choreographed fight scenes, speedster slow motion scenes and cool robots, even some interesting dream sequences.  Unfornutately the dream sequences were too abrupt, they took me out of the movie.  Humanizing Ultron so much really hurt his character for me: he would have been more intimidating if he was possessing random toasters and chucking toast at the Avengers than this petulent child form he took.  It reminds me that the studio thinks the audience is too stupid to think of an AI as a person on its own.
	
Storyline:  85
	It feels as if there are at least two different movies happening here (almost as if we were seeing a crossover from two different comics...) so the pacing of the movie is a little off.  Jumping us into a fight scene is engaging, but it ends the movie in the first 20 minutes and then the next one starts (this is normally called a prologue).  Then as the story builds again we have characters waffling on which side they're on, an AI that doesn't act like a program, and an awkward evacuation / tower defense game happening.  Granted there is a decent actual storyline happening: the studio just hasn't learn how to not distract from it.
	
Character Development:  90
	After the Avengers, we saw that you can do a movie with multiple big stars/characters just fine, but they seemed to have lost that after the prologue.  In fact, War Machine and The Vision were incredibly underutilized, though what we do get out of Vision rapidly builds him as he's been alive for about hour by the end of the movie.  Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver waffle so much that they don't really start until the end of the movie.  The long standing characters really are pretty static throughout the movie, in spite of the Romanov / Banner romance.  Hulk actually grows and runs away into his own story and Widow resets, like a robot.  We get more development from Clint than somee of the other characters combined and it really doesn't matter.  Hawkeye is a throw away Shield agent in these movies most of the time, but the little development we do get as a team and out of individuals is very important development.  Ultron's development leads to several plotlines and the creation of The Vision.
	
Compulsion:  88
	Ultimately this is a good movie, as I fight to forget the comics, but it just lacks some punch.  The energy in the prologue is so high, we're left wanting that for the entire movie and the runtime is just long enough that you start to really lose the momentum by the time we get to the final action sequence.  That said, they REALLY know how to do an action sequence and the 2 big fights and Hulk vs Ironman are probably worth watching on repeat.
	
Final Score:  87.75
	There are better Avenger movies so some of this is based on not watching those instead.
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:			http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2395427/?ref_=nv_sr_1
	Amazon Prime:	https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0162LMSCI

General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/WeAreMovieClub
	Playlist:	https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7AobbsQMTr-qoKKOARRBDYprOrIzcRdm
	
	
Tags:
	#WeAreMovieClub #Movies Movie #Review

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	