#WeAreMovieClub Review:
Captain America: The First Avenger

Format: Live Action
Applicable Genres: Modern
Applicable Settings: Comics, Sci-Fi, Action

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	

General:
	While this is removed from the other Marvel stories because of the time period, its a great origin story movie.  Especially when you look at some of the other origin movies out there, there is a lot of problems they have where this movie feels very natural doing sci-fi in the 1940s.
	
Aesthetics:  95
	Marvel makes it looks good: the 1940s, Captain Americ in his blue spandex, the Red Skull's face, all the action.  It is scored wonderfully for the feeling, and the scenes are set great.  And funny enough Peggy Carter has some of the best scenes: walking in on Steve kissing the secretary, punching the soldier, shooting at Steve.
	
Storyline:  85
	Going back to the Nazi is cliche by now, but doing an origin story for Captain America, Bucky, the Winter Soldier, Red Skull, and Hydra makes it just interesting enough to look forward to.  With a villain like the Red Skull (mirroring aside) it has me invested in the story, that a resource like Captain America is required and not just a weapon in the war.  I'd personally like to see Red Skull work on a smaller scale, but he tends to use his brain and management skills to make a threat.
	
Character Development:  90
	We get to see weak Steve get the body that matches his spirit, we even get to see him deal with ladies for the first time.  We see Red Skull resolve the idea of being a god.  We even see how these people deal with loss even given such power.  While the movie focusing Captain America being legitimized, I really found it more interesting to see some of where Bucky and Hydra came from so I can understand the modern storylines better.
	
Compulsion:  80
	The Hydra bit is fine, the Captain America stuff is fine, but I'm just so over Nazis.  Even Nazis with magic space weapons sucks and didn't even put up a good preformance.  They just weren't credible threat unless Red Skull was directly involved.  Just wussies really cool tech, but Marvel knows how to put together action scenes even with that.
	
Final Score:  87.5
	While optional for the more modern Marvel stories, I think its a great bonus to the franchise.
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:			http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0458339/?ref_=nv_sr_3
	
General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/WeAreMovieClub
	Playlist:	https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7AobbsQMTr-qoKKOARRBDYprOrIzcRdm
	
	
Tags:
	#WeAreMovieClub #Movies Movie #Review

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	