Zootopia notes:

    Opens on a jungle scene.
    Transitions to kids' play.
    Kids want to be (lamb) astronaut, (predator, tiger) an accuary, and bunny police officer
        About breaking boundaries to follow your dreams despite societal expectations.
    275 brothers and sisters in  a rabbit family.
    County fair conversation about being JUST a carrot farmer.
    Bunny confronts a fox and weasel bullying some kids.
    Fox slashes her face.
    Fox shames her for wanting to be a bunny cop.
    Bunny declares she doesn't know when to quit.
    Training course.
    Bunny goes to toilets and falls in. (giant toilets)
    (Judy Hops)
    Judy beats Rhino in boxing ring by jumping off ropes into his own fist.
    Lion Mayor commemorates Judy as the first rabbit officer.
    Assistant mayor is made to do the work and get no recognition.
    Country bunny, city life cliche.
    Rabbit parents predator shame.
    they revisit the attack by Gideon Fox.
    Parent even give a taser.
    Great scene montage and music going from the country to the city.
    Giraffe on the escalator
    Hamster tubes
    Showing zootopia's diversity.
    Judy's tiny apartment, loud neighbors.
    Judy's super positive, gets up early, but second guesses taking fox spray.
    Bunny can call a bunny a bunny.....#rage
    Fat cheetah with a donut in the fold of his neck.
    Cheetah called her a bunny when she left.
    Fist bump with rhino.
    Elephant in the room joke.
    Chief discusses missing predator spree.
    Distribution of cases.
    Judy put on parking duty with a tiny card.dd
    told 100 tickets a day, she claims 200 by lunch.
    and she goes to it with gusto.
        cute ear jokes
        her speed bows away a mouse car
        she tickets herself at 201
    she spots and profiles a fox
    fox is trying to buy at an elephant shop
    elephant is refusing the fox service
    judy busts them on a bare trunk contact violation but
    exchanges it for selling the fox a jumbo pop
    fox cons her with "i forgot my wallet"
    really touching moment between Judy and the kid and Nick the fox
    Judy catches little "toot too" and spot him and Nick melting and jarring the jumbo pop
    the baby drives the van away to the tundra area to re-freeze mini pops
    they sell them to hamsters and recycle the sticks to sell as lumber in the rodent sector
    fox is arrogant and throws the technicalities in her face
    she runs infront of a rhino, "more than dreams getting crushed" joke
    sly fox, dumb bunny: she steps in wet cement.
    Judy returns home demoralized to her crap apartment, badly phrased music and "carrot for one"
    Judy takes a call from her parents and lies to her parents
    who celebrate the safety of her job and that "she's not a real cop"
    loud neighbor yell, pictures move in time to voices.
    Judy almost misses the chances to chase a weasel robber.
    chase ensues: I got dibs
    weasels goes through little rodentia: weasel and rabbit are both huge here
    weasel on the train, tetris jokes
    weasel kicks donut at her who saves a rodent from being crushed
    she uses the donut to capture the weasel
    chief chews her out for goig after the weasel
    cheetah can't stop the otter from interrupting the chief
    Judy offers to investigate the case of her missing husband
        otter is smaller than rabbit
    Assistant mayor happens to be there to witness and tells the mayor
    AM claims fraternity with Judy for being small prey types
    deal for 48 hr results
    Nick fox is a lead in the case file for missing otter
    Judy talks to Nick, boots his stroller.
    She tries to bust him for tax evasion.  Tricks him with a recording pen.
    Nick takes Judy to where he knows the Otter last went.
    Judy talks to a smelly bison (naked, covered in flies)
    "Pleasure Pool" full of naked animals.
        giraffes versus hippos in volleyball
    Judy talks to elephant yoga instructor
    Bison gives all the details to include a license plate
    Judy can't run a plate because she's not in the system yet
    DMV is ran by sloths
    Slow talk happening from sloths, uber ridiculous
    Judy physically can't wait
    Nick tells a joke in the middle of it
        Judy gets cute and mad
        Flash laughs....horrifying
        Flash tells joke to lady sloth
        Judy headdesks
    Nighttime: Judy goes to closed limo service
    tricks Nick into trespassing, the investigate the limo
    they find cds, who uses cds joke
    they find the otter's wallet and are kidnapped by gang bears of mr. big
    Nick sold a skunk fur coat to a gang boss
    mr. big is a tiny vole
    godfather replicated scene
    Judy outs herself as a cop
    Mr. Big orders Judy and Nick executed.
    his daughter interrupts
    they join the party to discuss things
    mr big directs them to a panther with one eye
    the panther describes a feral otter
    mentions he yelled about "the night howlers"
    panther goes feral, chases tey
    fat cheetah finds a phone app to make him dances with celebrity looking hot
    he arranges backup for Judy
    Nick missing car because Judy is hanging off a ledge
    judy chains panther to a pole Nick runs and knocks Judy off of the bridge
    cops show up and rescue them from a vine
    panther is missing when they get back
    chief demands badge back
    Nick points out they still have 10 hours and leaves with her
    Nick does a flashback about being the only predator in the boy scout pack
    the rest of the troop push him down and muzzle him because he's a fox.
    Nick points out about video cameras
    they go to town hall, the mayor is a jerk
    AM tries to help with video footage
    judy and Nick see wolves kidnapping the ferals
        wolvs howling joke
    they follow the lead out to an out a remote location
    Judy starts all the wolves howling as a distraction
    they find evidence in the laboratory of ferals
    the otter is still feral
    turns out the mayor is involved in holding the ferals
    judy and Nick escape by flushing
    cops come down on the laboratory, mayor is arrested
    press conference commemorating Judy and the AM
    poor choice phrasing about predators possibly going savage
        she shows her prejudice, however justified
    the otter is still feral, judy is comforting his wife
    predators are being targeted and pressured out of their positions, even fat cheetah
    Judy quits in the light of a prey-first society
    Judy goes back to the farm where her parents are working with the fox that cut her face.
    Judy discovers what night howlers are, and that it can make even prey go savage
    Judy goes back to the city to find Nick
    Judy cries and apologies to Nick and asks for his help
        he uses the recording pen from earlier
    Nick finds the weasel
        frozen joke
    they take the weasel to mr. big and get info out of the weasel
    they find the breaking bad joke of a lab for the night howlers
    sheep confesses to hitting the feral animals
    Judy ends up booting out the sheep and stealing the train car lab
    ram into other sheep trick
    sheep gets belly sheered
    "speed it up" and change tracks cliche
    evidence is lost in crash
    they recover a serum from the crash to bring to the sheep mayor
    Judy gets suspicious of the mayor because she shouldn't know where they are
    they run, Judy gets hurt
    they trick the guards, run and get trapped
    the mayor shoots Nick with the serum, he starts going savage
    evil monologue, "fear always works"
    Nick pretends to bite her, they reveal its pretend
    there are blueberries in the chemical gun
    recording pen has confession on it
    pd roll in and arrest her
    news cast reveals old mayor reinstated
    and anti serum created
    narration
        social balance restored
        moving speech
        Nick brought on the force
    assignments
        nick and judy share a seat and are partners
        they get put into an investigation
        they pull over Flash for speeding
    Musical concert credits
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    