Jam On Toast Review:
There's Johnny! (Season 1)

Format: Live Action
Applicable Settings: Pre-Modern, 1970s
Applicable Genre: Slice of Life, Drama

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	Take this trip back to the 1970s peek behind the curtain of one of the greatest late night talk shows.
	
General:
	I honestly never would expected to tell you to watch a show about a show from the 1970s, back when it was commonplace to smoke, not only indoors, but on set, on camera: it had to have been ruining that equipment.  This is a very clever show and worth the watch.
	
Aesthetics:  90
	They really nail the supposed vibe of the 1970s, from fashion to cars, they even dropped Pong into an episode.  We get some views of sex, racial, and sexual orientation discrimination and even a little reversal with Joy being Andy's boss, essentially.  The way the show is cut together between old clips, faceless angles, and recreations is interesting and if you're paying attention could be a point of nostalgia or general interest.  They also know when and how to shoot overly dramatic or situationally comedic scenes.
	
Storyline:  92
	This show has a ridiculous premise that explodes into an entertaining adventure.  Andy basically lucks his way into the company because he's handsome and just likable enough in his naivity, but once he's there he is chasing a dream and finding his way.  I'll admit, with a few exceptions, the large part of the show is a backdrop for Andy Clavin's clamamity of an adventure.  The best part is that they kept the season short, with only one filler episode, the story doesn't overstay its welcome.
	
Character Development:  88
	For as little that actually happens in the show, we learn alot about the different characters, and as invested I was or how interesting they were, I'm still not sure it goes anywhere other than to say, "I'm ___ and I'm here."  In a world of rich white men, our core cast are outliers: young, female, gay, black.  This implies that this is more of a show about surviving the situation than actually progessing, this makes Andy's new assignment actually meaningful.
	
Compulsion:  90
	The show is funny and fun through and through.  We get introduced to one character as gay when he's paying a guy to kick his ass first.  Andy's virtuously enjoyable and Jane Levy did such a good job with her character that I thought she was Jillian Jacobs until I rewatched it.  The timing in the show is amazing: dropping drama at the height of a character's joy, upticking comedy unexpectedly, and throwing curve balls all the time to keep conflicted stirring.
	
Final Score:  90
	A fun show, if nothing else, then its short and worth the time to try.
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6483198/
	Hulu:		https://www.hulu.com/theres-johnny

General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/JamOnToast528
	
	
Tags:
	#JamOnToast #JamOnToast528 #Review #series #media
