Gaming Division Review: Ode
Platform:	PC, Uplay
Applicable Genre:  Exploration, Collection, Music

General:
	A super beautiful exploration and music game that is easily accessible and satisfying to play.  While short, it is highly enjoyable.
	
Aesthetics:  95
	This game is mostly aesthetics.  It is beautifully designed with an unique and intricate environment which has music built into almost every aspect.  Powers are clearly displayed when acquired and the behaviours when using abilities are distinct and really cute.  The design of the main character is adorable and even has a rocking butt.

Control Interface:  85
	While the game does really well at keeping things simple, move to move, using the powers themselves, while fun, aren't exactly intuitive.  It takes a little bit of experimentation to understand how to best use each power set.

Environmental Controls:  90
	The physics in the game are really well done, the swinging from attachment to attachment works well most of the time and the "interaction bubble" from object to object is "just right" to where I never really felt I missed when I shouldn't have or a star ball thing was collected but wasn't.

Game Mechanics:  85
	The level designs are overly detailed with musical objects.  I personally would have liked to see more function from objects in the game, but that's not exactly the point of them.  But cannons are placed right, swings are placed just right, even gaps in areas where one might lose control.  Wind prevents you from getting to certain places, and the levels are just large enough that backtracking is actually discouraging which is actually a good thing as it keeps the player focused on moving forward though I understand it would frustrate completionists.

Storyline: 80
	It is fantastic to see a story told without narrative, or even with minimal narrative.  Everything in this game comes from actions.  We see the star balls fall and we endeavor to put them back, I think.  Unfortunately the game was just on the wrong side of enough information for me to understand what was happening and not giving me some clever open ended contemplation like Journey.
	
Final Score:  87
	This is a nice relax and explore style game.  Highly recommended if it looks or sounds appealing.

-Kamurai

References:
	Ubisoft:		https://www.ubisoft.com/en-us/game/ode/
	
General references:
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/GamingDivision
	
Tags:
	#GamingDivision #GamingDivision528 #Games #Gaming #FPS
