Gaming Division Review:
Oxenfree

Platform:	PC, Steam
Applicable Genre:  Isometric, top down, visual novel

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	Definitely a story to experience.

General:
	This joins The Sexy Brutale and Last Day of June in my book of non-traditional visual novels
	
Aesthetics:  91
	Honestly, the art is everything it needs to be, if minimalist.  It may not just wow you on its own, but the stylization combined with the amtospheric audio and video effects with the "ghosts" really land and give you that spooky "what is happening" feeling.

Control Interface:  90
	It is somewhat impressive to take what essentially is a visual novel and add controls for environment navigation without causing problems.  Simplification seems to be the key: an action button for everythign except for dialogue and radio.  More importantly it's almost always clear what controls you want to use and they don't interfere with each other.  Even with the radio you can toggle it on and off while you do other things: though your physical position matters quite a bit in this game.

Environmental Controls:  90
	There is a surprising amount of audio cues in this that are accented by visual markers, but I don't know if they could entirely replace the audio cues.  Additionally, with the heavy amount of audio dialogue, it's hard to imagine a hearing impaired version of this game that would land.  But everything is fairly responsive and there aren't severe timers while you look for the right signals.  The biggest problem is just walking and restricting the paths: occasionally things will be blocked for motivation purposes, but it stil gives you the agency to spend 3 minutes walking to the temporary wall.
	
Game Mechanics:  92
	Even the collectibles are special and well thought out.  The different uses of radio signals throughout the game help with basically everything, including limiting navigation.  The environment interactions are solid and the way the dialogue choices affect the game feel like they really matter.

Storyline: 95
	This is a fantastic little mystery investigation presented in a way that really immerses you in the story.  The idea of being able to sacrifice a teammate or even just negotiate with the supernatural beings is just a small example of how well the story is written and what the replayable must be like with all the different options.
	
Final Score:  91.6
	Everyone should try this at least once.

-Kamurai

References:
	Site:		http://nightschoolstudio.com/oxenfree/
	Wikipedia:	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxenfree
	Steam:		https://store.steampowered.com/app/388880/Oxenfree/
	
General references:
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/GamingDivision
	
Tags:
	#GamingDivision #GamingDivision528 #Games #Gaming #isometric #topdown #visualnovel
