Gaming Division Review:
Mr. Shifty

Platform:	PC, Steam
Applicable Genre:  Isometric, top down, brawler

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	Imagine a better Hotline Miami with teleportation.

General:
	Really, adding teleporation to a shooter like Hotline Miami and then restricting it to melee to balance it back out was a genius idea.  Someone should be very proud of themselves.
	
Aesthetics:  91
	The graphics look pretty good, even if they aren't highly detailed.  The dialogue is delivered in fun, short text boxes, the levels are laid out so they look really good and are fitting of the scene, and when the anti-teleportation section even have the sound muted to give you a suffocating feel.  The teleporting itself is done really so that it feels fluid, even the later levels.  Even the slow motion is down really well to make you feel like you're actually running faster enough to walk around bullets.

Control Interface:  80
	There are a couple of small problems with the button layout.  While I recognize that the controller is how its intended to play, they failed to program a "swing item" button versus a "throw item" button or rather that they have those buttons where the throw button always throws, but the punch button sometimes throws.  When the action is happening so quickly you can't see what you're picking up, then you need to able to rely on something.  There were many hilarious times where I picked up the wrong thing or accidentally threw the right thing.

Environmental Controls:  75
	This frustrating monster of a game.  While the game clearly gives you a teleporting recticle, I continuously got hung up on the environment, the doors don't always take hits correctly, the hit boxes are funny on both Shifty and the enemies.  I actually amazingly beat the game, but because the boss didn't go out the window (he instead bugged out of the ceiling) I wasn't able to complete the game and also was unable to kill myself and therefore had to restart the entire last level over again.  This is after several game crashing bugs.

Game Mechanics:  85
	Teleporting is fun.  Pretending to be Nightcrawler in X-Men 2: The Wolverine Show at the white house is fun.  Its what got me to keep replaying the game after it repeatedly crashed.  It was worth pushing through to get at all the game there was to have.  The level designs and way the weapons work are delightful.  I just wish it allowed me to carry them from level to level, they were so fun: I each gave some names!

Storyline: 80
	Look, its kind of a weird story.  But you're a teleporting thief, ready to punch the world, with your very own Oracle (Former Batgirl, Barbara Gordon from Birds of Prey) girlfriend.  While we don't get any real background on how ANYTHING teleports, or what Stone's deal is, the story of this one adventure is actually interesting and sets up a sequel rather well.
	
Final Score:  82.2
	I really enjoyed this.  I'll always remember the bugs, but I'll remember how much fun it is was too.

-Kamurai

References:
	Site:		http://www.tinybuild.com/mrshifty
	Steam:		http://store.steampowered.com/app/489140/Mr_Shifty/
	
General references:
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/GamingDivision
	
Tags:
	#GamingDivision #GamingDivision528 #Games #Gaming #isometric #topdown #brawler
