Review: Sword with Sauce
Platform:	PC, Steam
Applicable Genre:  FPS

General:
	A fun and new way to do an FPS.  I haven't seen a game with this much variation in quite some time.
	
Aesthetics:  85
	  I like that the enemies are reduced to walking ragdolls and that the environment is a clean and typically white/blank.  They game is immersive and the glitches only add to the character of the game

Control Interface:  85
	At first I was extremely frustrated that the controls didn't FIT on a controller, but as I adapted to using the mouse and keyboard for this, it quickly became apparent that it was the superior choice.  Like the weapon / toy selection, there is an open key mapping that allows for quite a bit of variance how you set up / use the controls, but the end is the same: you use them to kill some anonymous characters.

Environmental Controls:  75
	The game is still an Alpha build, but the glitches that occur, and some of the hit detection, are frustrating when they alter the success of your mission.  The range detection of certain toys are something for which you can compensate, but there are occasional erratic behaviours that you can't explain.  While its understandable and they're usually one-off, non-reproducable glitches: the satisfaction of the game can be washed away bye a poorly timed glitch.

Game Mechanics:  92
	As much as I honestly wish there was slightly more variation in the enemies, there is so much variance in weapon loadouts and approachable to missions it is really incredible.  Unfortunately that also means longer test times for the developers and choices to be made by the player.  Once you find your stride you'll probably just keep to it, but when you finally break the game out again later it'll be fresh once again.

Storyline: n/a
	This isn't a story game.  This is a throw away experience about executing the mission, not WHY you're executing the mission.  Write your own narrative.
	
Final Score:  84.25
	A fun, but short game that can only be improved by future updates and features.

-Kamurai

References:
	Diatomic Games:		http://diatomicgames.com/sword-with-sauce/
	
General references:
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/GamingDivision
	
Tags:
	#GamingDivision #GamingDivision528 #Games #Gaming #FPS
