Gaming Division Review:
Silence (The Whispered World 2)

Platform:	PC, Steam
Applicable Genre:  Point and Click Adventure

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	Underland means Narnia with a special twist

General:
	I very generally do not enjoy point and click adventures, but Daedelic Entertainment finds a way to deliver great and interesting fantasy stories.
	
Aesthetics:  94
	This game is beautiful, filled with wonderous detail and interesting style.  The music and sound effects are atmospheric and immersive.  I've wanted to play this game since I first saw it and can safely say that it didn't disappoint throughout the game. Though there are some minor design choices I'd change when it came down to it, but other than physically blocking some game options, they're inconsiquential.

Control Interface:  80
	A point and click adventure has, by definition, one of the simplist control schemes possible, but the frustration level comes from what you are clicking on.  Sometimes you can't tell what to click on, you don't know what order to click on what you can see, or the option is on another screen.  While the latter is usually a problem, this game doesn't have large enough areas for it to be a problem as long as there isn't a loading screen involved.

Environmental Controls:  80
	With branching story lines, it is a small problem that you have no idea what's going to happen whenever you select an option.  At any point what you select could remove you from the scene entirely or waste your time: on the basis of what a point and click adventure is, you don't know until you found the right combination.
	
Game Mechanics:  85
	While some of the puzzles require a complicated series of steps, most of the solutions are simply solved by options you didn't know you had or doing very obvious things in a specific order. However, the point of the mechanics are to help facilitate the story, and they certainly do that.

Storyline: 96
	I love this story, and was legitimately upset that I didn't know this was a sequel.  Not only do I want to replay this game to explore the extra branches, I fully intend to get the original game and get the backstory to this.
	
Final Score:  87
	Keep an eye on Daedelic Entertainment.

-Kamurai

References:
	Site:		http://daedalic.com/
	Steam:		https://store.steampowered.com/app/314790/Silence/
	Wikipedia:	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silence_(video_game)
	
General references:
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/GamingDivision
	
Tags:
	#GamingDivision #GamingDivision528 #Games #Gaming #Review #PointAndClickAdventure
