Movie Notes: A Christmas Horror Story

Anthology:
	I hate splitting up the story (though there are good examples: Snatch, Love Actually)

	0)  Will Shatner at radio station: "Stormin Norma"
		"Fuck Christmas"
		Talking about the murders at the investigated house.
		Guy is on a "double shift" for the holiday.
		Checking in with Norman doesn't work.
		
		No word from Norman.
		There is an emergency at the mall.
		
		"Keep clear of the mall" warning.
		Hostages.
		
		
		

	1)  Story One: 
			Police investigation tape of murder scene.  (At school)
			People are reporting on the murder scene, ducking the "principal".
			Wing where they kept unwed mothers.
			They get trapped in a basement: cell phone doesn't work.
			Find a hidden nativity scene.
			Girl opts in to a plan to wait it out. (1.5 weeks)
			Principal is suspected of murdering other students.
			Video guy separates to pee.
			Audio guy hears something on equipment.
			lol, auido disturbance stops and ghost shows up over his shoulder: girl freaks, screams and seizes.
			...
			Video guy leaves audio guy unconscious and follows girl.
			Finds girls undressing with a bed.
			She's aggressive and he denies her.  Cross shakes.
			Girl wakes up audio guy to bang him.
			Then she wakes up to the "evidence" freaking out.
			
			They go looking for video guy.
			Girl is seeing visions of nuns birthing babies.
			Audio guy finds dead video guy and blood written words on the wall.
			Audio guy hears a crying baby.
			Girl thinks "she" want her to carry "her" baby.
			Ghost shows up and pins audio guy to wall. Neck snaps.
			Ghost lets girl out of basement.
	
	2)  Story Two: 
			Family trip to great aunt's house.
			Dad seems to be angling for money, somehow.
			Son seems obsessed with Krampus; breaks the statue.
			Daughter steals a lighter.
			Creepy caretaker.
			Family runs off the road due to arguing.
			
			Dad wanders into the woods, family opted to not stay in car.
			Dad gets hit and starts bleeding out.
			Kid gets hit and dragged (chain of some kind).
			Family runs.
			They find a church.
			They debate Krampus.
			They start confessing.
			Dad gets taken through the window.
			Mom and daughter hide in confessional.
			Weird tongue under door scene.
			Mom stabs tongue with hidden poker and sacrifices herself.
			
			Daughter runs to the aunt's.
			She pins Krampus with a spear and gurns him.
			It turns out it was the caretaker.
			Daughter is talking to the aunt.
			She explains Krampus.
			Daughter invokes Krampus against her aunt.
			
	
	3)  Story Three: Changelings
			Family cutting down a christmas tree.
			They trepass and lose track of their kid.
			Kid disappears, they find him in a creepy tree.
			Kid is creepy and silent, even while bonding.
			Kid is eating too much, too fast.  Stabs "dad".
			Kid is watching mom in shower.
			Mom starts noticing changes in kids.  Dad gets turned down for sex.
			Kid is watching dad in living room.
			
			Kid might have gone down on his mom.
			Kid opens presents, smiles as "dad" gets angry.
			Mom accuses dad of not fixing his anger problems.
			Daddy goes a drinking.
			Weird guy calls mom about her boy.
			Dad's apologizing.
			Mom's researching.
			Kid's killing dad.
			Mom finds body and runs from the tree.
			Mom calls weirdo, he tell here to bring it back to the grove.
			Mom fights kid.
			Mom drags changeling back.
			Shoots caretaker.
			She asks the changeling for her son back.
			Will shows up out of the SAME tree.  New changeling? What happened?
			
	
	4)  Story Four: The Infected
			Santa looks more grumpy old man than "jolly"
			No one seems to be able to understand Shiny not wanting a cookie.
			Shiny chops into his own hand, gets blood on other elves.
			Even Ms. Claus thinks Santa is crazy.  Santa mentions "he".
			Elves are apparently rage zombies.  That don't actually seem to hurt Santa.
			Santa on the elevator, has to fight 3 elves as it descends.  (Crazy looking teeth)
			Elves have shitty smacktalk.
			Santa makes it to the mail room...???
			The elves actually start hurting him, disarm him.
			Santa goes wild.
			
			Santa tracks "Martha" down to a toy storage unit, she has the teeth and attacks him.
			He kills her.
			
			Krampus shows up...."vile enemy of Christmas"
			They fight: it calls him Norman and the scen transitions.
			It reveals the carnage he's done in real life.
			Police show up and shoot Norman
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	