Gaming Division Review:
Roguelight

Platform:	PC, itch.io
Applicable Genre:  2D, Platformer, Exploration, Rogue light

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	This is a fun little game with good replay value from run to run.

General:
	A game light of content, but every run should give you a little more as you get farther in the dungeons.  The meat of the game is trying to out compete yourself.
	
Aesthetics:  70
	There is honestly limited aesthetics here, but what is there is decent, not great, but decent.  The darkness effect is actualy an interesting mechanic and the music feels good.  The adventures of the potato sack girl versus the undead dungeons looks as good as it needs to be.

Control Interface:  70
	While the controls are generally simple, it is very annoying to have to try to hold the fire button and jump about.  There is also not an option to denotch the arrow, so if you let go, then the arrow is gone forever.

Environmental Controls:  70
	Its dark....like black, all the time, until you manage to light up the area by a fire arrow which eventually goes out and you have to shoot it out into the nothingness and hope for the best.  When you're jumping, it could be into monsters or spikes or a giant pit that leads to another floor of the dungeon.  These factors add just enough challenge and silliness that it makes the game more fun.  You can also change some of these factors through upgrades inbetween runs.

Game Mechanics:  75
	There are lot mechanics that vary from run to run. The mechanics themselves and how you choose to vary them through upgrades makes each run just a little different honestly enough fun to play over and over again.

Storyline: N/A
	Not really any story going on.
	
Final Score:  71.25
	If you understand and enough about rogue like games, then give this a shot.

-Kamurai

References:
	Developer:		https://managore.itch.io/roguelight
	
General references:
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/GamingDivision
	
Tags:
	#GamingDivision #GamingDivision528 #Games #Gaming #2d #platformer
