Gaming Division Review: Superhot
Platform:	PC, Twitch Prime
Applicable Genre:  FPS

General:
	One of the most innovative First Person Shooters I've experienced since Portal.  This is proof that a special combination of simple and special can go a long way.
	
Aesthetics:  90
	The basic aesthetics are just that, basic.  Red crystal people, which I actually really like, LOTS of white background to symbolize a perfect, clean world.  Generally good music, except when it comes to reviewing the gameplay at the end of a level.  Instead of just watching it, they scream "SUPER HOT!" at you on repeat, punishing you for having completed the level.  In order to see what awesome stuff you just did, you have to pretend you're going to edit the replay.  The beauty is the slow motion look of the game as you stop during game play.  This is an aesthetic mechanic, very rare indeed.

Control Interface:  90
	This is a very basic FPS control scheme, except crouching and jumping.  Again the beauty is the innovation of the controls advancing time as you play.  This simplicity actually helps makes the game wonderful, and allows for the sequel to roll in a little more complexity in the form of extra equipment or super powers.  (Imagine Bioshock or Sword with Sauce with this slow motion mechanic)

Environmental Controls:  85
	One of my biggest irritations with the game is that because it is slow motion and not frozen time, there are occasion where you have to watch a bullet come in to kill you because you messed up previously.  But there is no problems with how gravity effects jumping, and the slow motion allows for reaction time around the momentum of you and the flying bullets.  The enemies get a similar reaction time, but obviously slower.  Overall it is clean and simple ang good but lacks the amazement of the rest of the game.

Game Mechanics:  90
	I do love that when you have the option of punching anyone, their weapons fly up as an option for you to grab them.  The differences in the way each weapon works and the way characters are set and spawned into the level definitely are all done well.  The levels are even designed with cover in mind and can be played in real time for those that want to push them selves that far.

Storyline: 60
	It seems to be an oddly meta story about infiltrating a digital world in which your reality exists.  While the game attempts to make the story seem important, it is told in a way that keeps you from the gameplay, but are still involved without any agency in the situation.  Several times the game illustrates to you how your actions don't matter and there is only one path to proceed, unless you turn off the game.  It makes a neat philosophical point, but one counter to me trying to play a video game.
	
Final Score:  83
	I can’t recommend this game enough.  Everyone should try this one on.

-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5507098/?ref_=nv_sr_1
	
General references:
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/GamingDivision
	
Tags:
	#GamingDivision #GamingDivision528 #Games #Gaming #FPS
