Movie Notes: Ex Machina

What you watching Willis?
	

Scene by Scene:
	Opening (Shotgun)
		A company that looks suspiciously like Google.
		An apparent winner.
		Helicopter ride (2 hour flight)
		Drop off in a field
			"Follow the river"
			No phone signal
	The Door
		Smart house asks him to approach
		Makes a key card for him
	House
		Wanders in, can't find the guy
		Turns out he's on the punching bag....out back....over a river...
		Is hungover
		Planned on breakfast, ended up drinking and can't eat
		Super self aware egotist
	Hallway
		Explains pass, its a simplification, but important, very subtle
	Room
		No windows, but everything you could ask for
		He's testing him this early, to see what he does, what he knows, notices
		House is a research facility, he has to sign a "Bluebook No Disclosure Agreement"
			Coerces him into signing the NDA
		Turing test
			test to determine if a human can tell if its talking to a computer or a person (A.I. Test)
				He's a dick
	AVA: Session 1
		Pervert has a million sticky notes and voyeurs the test from another room
		Caleb notices a crack in the glass
		First sight of Ava
			mechanical flexi-bits, human like face, upper torso, hips, hands and feet
		Ava claims Caleb is the first person it's talk to besides Nathan
		"I'm one"
											WTF, WHY DON'T THEY EXPLAIN THIS!
		It appears to look forward to seeing him again.
	Drinks
		Misquote about man vs god
		Turing test evolution: no longer determining if Ava's a computer, its if Ava's a person
		"How do you feel about her"
		"I feel, that Ava's fucking amazing"
	Bathroom
		Scars on back
	Bed
		Turns on tv, its Ava drawing,from multiple angles
			Did Nathan override the television network to perv on her?
		Power outage
											What could have caused such a thing?
			Full facility lockdown
				Can't use key card
	Hallway
		Faces
			one is eerily like Ava's
	Pollock Room
		Phone requires key card
		Nathan is drunk on the couch
	Morning
		Violin alarm clock
		Mysterious Asian lady brings in....idk (Kyoko)
	Discussion
		Talks about the approach to testing Ava
		How does he feel about it vs how it feels about Caleb
	Ava Session 2:
		It would seem Ava changed her mesh from peach to grey and lights from orange to blue
											there are several psychological reasonings for this
		Ava proposes friendship instead of "one-sided" study
		For Ava, this seems like friendship is just "two-sided" study, or at least quid pro quo
											Ava's questions are research data that Ava can correlate to define him and use it to manipulate him
		Caleb differentiates himself from Nathan
		Ava suggests a line of questioning to determine Caleb's affinity for Nathan
		Power Outage
			Ava declares Caleb should not trust Nathan
			Pretends it never stopped talking to him when the power reconnects
	Dinner
		Kyoko "doesn't understand english"
		Nathan jokes about having people killed
			sociopathic, at least
		Discuss its awareness
		Nathan asks about what happened during the power cut
		Caleb lies
	Late at night
		Caleb turns on Ava TV
		Ava looks at the camera
	Morning
		Nathan is creepy and waiting
	Laboratory
		Android lab!
		Nathan admits to "hack all the cell phones"
		claims companies do it themselves
		Used Bluebook as an architecture for A.I. brain
	Ava Session 3:
		Ava met Caleb's request to draw something real instead of abstract
		It is showing compliance and want to please Caleb
		Ava is no longer sitting equally to Caleb, but is kneeling at his feet
		Ava dreams of standing at a traffic intersection
			constantly shifting data for her to interpret
		Ava asks Caleb to close his eyes to surprise him
			This shows Caleb is willing to do as it asks
				Caleb ends up opening his eyes while waiting
		Ava feigns contemplating which dress Ava wants
																I argue this is to mimic the time a human would spend
																	I mean, Ava can calculate all these decisions so much faster
		Ava comes back with hair and clothes
			almost no machine showing
				as if Ava was a real girl he'd want to bang
			Ava feigns timidness, which implicates seeking approval and submission
			Ava tells him to open his eyes and puts itself on display, then kneels (submission position)
		Micro expressions
			Ava gives away that Ava can read his face, whether or not he's being obvious
	TV
		Caleb watches her undress
		VERY cool shot of her almost a skeleton in a dress
	Morning
		Discussion of sexuality
			this indicates that Caleb is thinking of it sexually
		Nathan programmed Ava to fuck
		They touch on all the factors that humans can't recognize to find someone attractive
			An A.I. can
		Nathan did program it to be heterosexual
	Pollock Room
		Under a pre-determine methodology, Pollock never would have made a single mark
		The challenge is to find an action that isn't automatic that is predetermined
	Ava Session 4
		Caleb moves to the floor
			shows Caleb matching submission, possibly to their relationship
		Ava is dressed
		"Mary in the black and white room"
															Mary lives in a black and white world
																goes to a color world and "feels" a colored world
																	because you can't be told what color is
																		supposed to be an analogy to human vs computer
		Power cut
			Nathan tells lies
			Caleb suggests Nathan is watching during black outs for unobserved behavior
			Ava is doing the it to see how Caleb behaves unobserved
	Mountain
		Really, why?
			Does this show Nathan is in control?
		Caleb outs that he was not randomly selected
			"Not lucky, chosen."
	Shower
		He's thinking about Ava
															So he's jacking off?
		Nathan is getting with Kyoko
	Bathroom
		Nathan goes and visits Ava
		Nathan is tearing up its drawings
	Pollock Room
		Asks Kyoko where Nathan is
		Kyoko starts to undress
		Nathan walks in and starts the disco music
		Caleb confronts Nathan about Ava's picture
			Nathan brushes him off
				Dancing....really?
						Does this show a lack of care or professionalism?
	Nathan's room
		Nathan is smashed
			drops key
		Caleb investigates
			notices monitors
	Ava Session 5
		Ava is dressed
		Ava does lie detection
			Can Ava detect his lies better than he can?
		Ava asks if Ava might be switched off for bad performance
		If he doesn't have that, then why does it?
		It claims to want to be with him and asks if he wants to be with it
	Pavillion
		"Why did you make Ava?"
		The model after Ava
			Obviously, Caleb is upset by the idea of the loss of Ava
	House
		Caleb is getting Nathan DRUNK
		he steals Nathan's keycard
			sneaks in and starts investigating Nathan's computer and old files
				test dealing with walking, drawing, talking
				footage of an Asian woman trying to claw her way out of the subject room
	Bedroom
		Kyoko is lying on Nathan's bed, naked
		Caleb finds previous versions in the closets
		Kyoko shows Caleb Ava's a machine as well
															THIS indicates a double blind: a turing test outside the evolved turing test
		Nathan wakes up finds he lost his card
		Caleb walks out to Nathan and hands his card back to him
	Caleb's room
		Apparently he's haunted by Kyoko's face
		Caleb....tries to see if he's a machine?
															If they're so convincing, then how DOES one really know?
		Punches the glass, similiar to the mark in the session room
	Ava Session 7: (He missed 6)
		Caleb gets her to drop the power
		He tells her Nathan's plan and his plan
		It asks him to save it, he agrees
	Morning
		Caleb uncustomarily brings out the alcohol
			Nathan unwaveringly is dropping alcohol
		Caleb declares the turing test a pass
		Nathan asks if Ava is or is not capable / does like Caleb
			introduces a third option that it could be using Caleb
				this indicates that Nathan knows what's going on
		Nathan admits to seeing the bathroom video
		Caleb shows he's openly opposed to Nathan
	Session room
		Kyoko goes to see Ava
	Nathan's room
		Nathan shows Caleb the video footage with audio this time.
			The video has Nathan confessing he might be watching but can't hear.
		Admits to filming the power outages from some point.
			At least for Session 7
				Caleb confessing his plan
		Nathan admits that Caleb was the test
			to see if she could / would use him as a means to escape (the maze)
		Nathan confronts Caleb during the power outage
			Caleb already executed the plan the previous night
		Nathan is shocked
																		How does he not have emergency protocols, anti-robot guns, an EMP, SOMETHING!
	Hallway
		Ava discovers her face, and Kyoko
	Bedroom
		Nathan punches out Caleb and grabs a barbell bar
	Hallway
		Ava is talking to Kyoko and she has a knife
		Nathan....is not a good liar
		Ava runs and attack Nathan
			It isn't apparently very strong or heavy and is fragile
		Nathan tries to drag her back
		Kyoko stabs him
																		most realistic and disturbing stab I've seen in a movie
		Nathan knocks her jaw off
		Ava stabs him and looks into his face
		Nathan walks away, not believing he's dying
		Ava inspects him and gets the keycard
	Ava Session 8 (7)
		Ava goes to Nathan's bedroom
			Caleb finally wakes up
			It asks him to "stay here"
		She goes to the closet (he can see her)
			She borrows an arm (weird cg moment)
				Arm magically becomes caucasian
			She borrows more
				she looks realistic
		Notably, she picks longer hair than before
		Caleb is a perv
		Ava walks right by Caleb
		She looks a Kyoko and Nathan
		She gets in the elevator
		She looks at Caleb
		She leaves!
		
	Power outage
		When Caleb puts his card into the terminal it causes a full lockdown
	Helicopter
		It takes her off of the estate?
			Who is in charge of this helicopter?
			Did she kill the guy?
			Why would you take someone off that you weren't supposed to pick up?
			Would records reflect people coming and going?
	City
		Ava gets her traffic intersection