Ashley Rayborn lol I can only run the Afghans successfully under Anarchy. lololol (successfully = no civil disorder)
May 23 at 6:06am  Comment 텹ikeUnlike  View Feedback (17)Hide Feedback (17)Cris Kamurai by the very definition, you wouldn't be running them, and would have no control over the amount of civil disorder....oh, I get it, very funny
May 23 at 12:39pm  LikeUnlike  .Cris Kamurai But that's what I don't get about anarchists, though anarchism is the ideal society because theorectically for it to be successful, everyone would be a quality person and wouldn't need to be checked in their actions, most of the people I've met that claim to be anarchists are women who could not protect themselves from being raped if someone wanted to, and guys that would be beaten, stabbed or shot from the first badass they ran across (and would pull a trigger in time to defend themselves).
May 23 at 12:41pm  LikeUnlike  .Ashley Rayborn Oh, if only protection from rape were that easy. Rape can come from anyone, even people you trusted at the time. But meh. 

I suppose you do have a point. Anarchy would have to include some kind of level of respect from everyone, and for individuals to know what is morally correct for anarchy to be successful. At least that is what I understand. For a society to live as they wanted, those elements would have to exist.
May 23 at 11:11pm  LikeUnlike.Joel Cox Cris, why would everyone need to be good? All you would really need would be a society where most people were pretty good most of the time. Anarchism is not a utopian thing. No human society will ever be perfect, and I think everybody understands that. 

Also, while anarchists frequently seek to take responsibility for their own safety by ... See Moretraining and being prepared to defend themselves, this would not be required for everyone. People would have the option of paying others to protect them, just as we are forced to do today (leaving aside the legal technicality that police are not obligated to protect you). They could spend the money that they're not paying in taxes.
May 24 at 1:34am  LikeUnlike.Cris Kamurai If you actually need protection, then your money probably doesn't actually mean anything if there is no quality check on people.

In anarchism (without quality assurance) all I have to do survive is be able to take things from others, i.e. I take your money, your woman, and leave you shot, stabbed, beaten or dead because I can get what I need from ... See Morethe next victim. There is nothing to stop any of the millions of people from rampaging except the will of another human being and without quality assurance, no will want to bother unless they are the victim, and then its just one big bad ass versus another big bad ass, or a bba versus a bullet / knife in the dark.

In true anarchism there wouldn't be a centralized currency anyways, along with anything short of a small gang that happen to be doing the same thing at the same time, with no actual structure.

I'm actual surprised you'd take the stance on a side where I could shoot you in the face without any actual repurcussions.
May 24 at 11:27am  LikeUnlike  .Ashley Rayborn Maybe because there's no real reason to go out and harm people. Joel is a pacifist. If you're going to shoot somebody, it better be for a damn good reason, like if you were shot at first.

There may not be predefined repercussions for your actions, but if you piss enough people off pulling shit like that, you're liable to end up dead.

Yes, I do ... See Moreunderstand that there will be those people, and there will be opportunists, but I don't think you're being fair in blanketing everyone in an anarchist society as a criminal.

And to solve your problem of an inconsistent currency, there's this thing called the barter system.
May 24 at 11:44am  LikeUnlike.Victoria McGillen I smell a whole lot of Hobbes vs Locke coming from this discussion :D

That being said, to add my view on the argument: I think anarchy is not a one-size-fits-all type of solution for every body of people-- and it is certainly not a global solution, nor one that could be placed haphazardly without the proper conditions already in place.

I think ... See Morethat there has to be a certain amount of trust between a group before each person is responsible and accountable enough to each other to not require some sort of overlooking interventionist force (i.e. the police, established law, etc) for the state to be stable. To acquire this kind of trust (the kind of trust, I would argue, that one places with a governing body) the group would have to be small, as there would have to be some amount of trust between all people involved. Without that trust, anarchist society could possibly devolve into a "man against man" situation, fueled mostly by anonymity, revenge, and the darker parts of human nature.

(So I'm wondering if the Afghans had some sort of strong moral code in place or were sufficiently small enough to be "ruled" by anarchy, lol. >_>)

I referenced Hobbes and Locke because I totally wrote a paper on something like this last semester in Philosophy, heh...
May 24 at 12:30pm  LikeUnlike.Ashley Rayborn I think I only had one city at the time, so I guess they could have been small enough. They kept rejecting any form of government I gave them, so I was like, Fine, have anarchy for five million turns.
May 24 at 12:33pm  LikeUnlike.Cris Kamurai I have some points:

1) I had said no "centralized currency" to Joel's statement of paying for protection, though he did, in fairness, not state what payment would be (sex for protection covers this example and natural procreation)

2) The point is not that EVERYONE will be murderous (there are no criminals as there is no law in anarchism), but SOMEONE will, and others won't care unless it effects them, or they would be forming a non-anarchist group to combat murderers... See More

3) Motivation for violence doesn't pass the natural level: food, sex, and self preservation (i.e. valid reasons). This cannot be labeled "good" or "bad" as there is no organized society (anarchism) to instill a majority of subjectiveness.

4) @Ashley: Is there some game this all stemmed from?

5) @Victoria (thank you for joining): I've repeatedly said things like Quality Assurance (referring to a required level of uniform morality) and I akin your "trust" hypothesis to my quality checking.

6) I've referred to Anarchy before this conversation as the "Ultimate Democracy" as everyone, at any given time has a say in what is going on in his / her community (i.e. his / her immediate surroundings), ultimate free will, which equal to power, and "with great power comes great responsibility" (suck it Marvel). While each person is responsible for themselves, without organization in a community there is no one outside of the immediate instance to enforce responsibility, and while I would like to live in a Quality Assured community, it doesn't exist, so Anarchism is equivalent with Idealism, and I don't see a path to idealism without organization.

7) I've enjoyed this discussion, and would be happy to make cookies with all of you.
May 24 at 10:31pm  LikeUnlike  .Ashley Rayborn Yay, cookies! :V
May 24 at 10:37pm  LikeUnlike.Joel Cox Ashley, strictly speaking, I don't think I'm a pacifist, as I believe that people have the right to defend themselves with force, and there are situations in which I would certainly do so.

Cris, I know you're not saying that everybody will be murderous. Some people will be violent; on that we agree. We have that now in many places, despite ... 
See More
government. We also have very peaceful areas with less government than the violent ones. Violence would not go unpunished without government. Insurance companies, private security companies, and voluntary community organizations would probably all have a substantial role in preventing and punishing crime, in addition to individuals defending themselves.

Victoria, common values are probably very important here. In particular, the more people agree on when it is and is not appropriate to use force, the better. Part of the reason for the current situation with government is that lots of people have lots of things that they want to force on others. Anarchy requires the abandonment of this mentality. People with similar ideas would likely cluster together, as they do today to a certain extent.

Regarding how people would pay for things, there are all kinds of ways to exchange value without a national government standardizing the currency. Computers could be used to control sophisticated barter exchanges, and various commodities could be used as currency as well (gold, silver, gasoline, ammunition, computation...).
May 24 at 11:35pm  LikeUnlike.Ashley Rayborn I meant pacifist in the sense that you would not throw the first punch, so to speak. I thought that was clear.
May 24 at 11:37pm  LikeUnlike.Cris Kamurai By that definition, I'm a pacifist...but I don't think that's accurate. I'd go into everything all over again, but I've to get on the road. Joel, I think the key difference in our mentality on this is just that you have confidence in the human race and i don't (ethically speaking).
May 25 at 9:16am  LikeUnlike  .Joel Cox I think my attitude toward the human race is realistic. I acknowledge that there are some bad people out there, but if you really have no confidence in the human race, aren't we pretty much screwed no matter what government we have (or don't have)?
May 25 at 9:18am  LikeUnlike.Cris Kamurai Yes, I believe that's my point. If we can't increase the generally quality of people, then agreed the human race is doomed. And I don't think people will just become "good" on their own. Behavior is mostly nurture.
May 26 at 11:03am  LikeUnlike  .Joel Cox That doesn't really address the feasibility of anarchy, though. "Nurture" does not require government, does it?
May 26 at 12:23pm  LikeUnlike.Cris Kamurai For all people to have some kind of equivalent quality to them (regardless of its nature) some sort of organization (not necessarily a governmen, but any organization counters anarachy) is required, and through a centralized government standardization can occur, but it does need to be checked and relevent, otherwise it defeats its own purpose.

e.g... See More. The continuing decline of the SATs and its inevitable removal from public schools. 

They claim it was becoming too difficult, but I believe it was continually outdated, so it would have bee the same questions over a series of years before it was changed, so that would mean despite more advances being made, people are getting dummer (on average). Spoiled shits.