#ScaryMovieSquad Review:
Alien

Format: Live Action
Applicable Genre: Horror, Paranormal

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	If only for historical purposes, then any horror movie goers should have seen this.
	
General:
	The basis for many a modern creature feature, Alien set the standard for many tropes in the industry and is a suspenseful, great movie that may just not hold up over time.
	
Aesthetics:  65
	There are big empty scenes here where I think, maybe on the original, on the big screen, might have been impressive, but not just looks like a black wall with white spots instead of the epic vastness of space.  The movie is filled with 1980s standards of blinking lights, weird display panels and lack of innovative future tech.  In fact the most impressive future tech was Ash, the android so life-like he passed as human.  Maybe the medical gear was cool.  The face hugger still had the same unsettling feel to it, but the juvenile looks pretty silly, other than it just came out of a person's chest.  Some of the scenes with the xenos are still amazingly framed and lit, but when they get it wrong: it just looks silly.  Some shots it is very obvious its a guy in a bad suit which is a shame as they spent so much effort into the ship designs and the actual biological design and look of the xenos.  
	
Storyline:  85
	There are a couple storylines going on here, but the points that matter are that the humans are sent on a suicide mission to acquire a xenos as a biological weapon, unbeknownst to them.  Like any horror movie, its fueled by the stupidity of its characters, but once the action finally kicks off the movie plays with your sensibilities of loneliness.  Not only are the characters alone as they spread out on the ship, but the ship is alone in the vastness of space: there is literally no where to go.  Breaking the quarantine is actually a genius write in as it foreshadows the ship being refused by headquarters in the same way as Cain should have been by the crew.  So even in the best possible scenario, they may not even be welcomed back into the fold.
	
Character Development:  70
	Other than Ripley, the human characters are stock and fodder.  They seem to be the same person all the way until they die, almost as if they were robots.  But at least with the android, we get a nice reveal on the plot, or learn that its an android.  Ripley doesn't even have much going on other than she happens to be cautious enough to survive, but at least she has more personality than the cat.  Her surviving all the trauma sets her up to not only be a hero in the sequel, but someone with a vendetta against the company (and androids).
	
Compulsion:  80
	I was excited when the movie began I remembered all the things I knew about the franchise, and it honestly cooled pretty fast: there is a lot of slow, spaced out things in the first act of the movie.  But the action manages to pick up nicely as the hunt for the xenos begins.  There's a kitty and cool space stuff and lots of good suspense.  Unfortunately with the high quality control of shooting a movie back in the 1980s: there are moments that really took me out of the movie.  And I never got my answers about the cat.  Why/how is it there?  Does it have its own cryo-chamber?  Why didn't it get vented with the xeno?
	
Final Score:  75
	This is a movie worth having in your history, maybe you'll learn something about your favorite horror movie.
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078748/?ref_=nv_sr_2

General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/WeAreMovieClub
	Playlist:	https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7AobbsQMTr_fqp93TlcSzT-IGDtBF7R3
	
Tags:
	#ScaryMovieSquad #WeAreMovieClub #Horror #Movies #Movie #Review
