Jam On Toast Review:
Atypical (Season 1)

Format: Live Action
Applicable Settings: Modern
Applicable Genre: Slice of Life, Coming of Age, Austim, Romantic, Drama

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	While I definitely think this is a good show, not everyone is going to relate to or see the value in a story based in autism.
	
General:
	From an academic, cinematic challenge, or psychological basis, this show is fantastic.  Its good to have a show that tries to bridge the gap of understanding between the neurotypical (mainstream) and a niche group (such as those affected by autism).  In doing so they present a new and fresh character story and subject matter to injest.  While we have coming of age shows based on being gay (The Real O'Neils), and handicap (Speechless), its good to see one on autism.  Other psychological disorder stories focus on more violent or dangerous aspects, its good to see one set in a more grounded story: he's just a guy trying to do what he can.
	
Aesthetics:  92
	The show does a great job of putting your focus where it needs to be.  Either we get a view from Sam's perspective with distorions applied or a view where we get nothing but Sam's face and a blur of things happening behind him.  Not all the great visuals are so serious though, as we get unique scenes such as a girl being put in a closet and happy to deal with it.  Sam's condition allows for many odd scenes that add a lot of humor, or possible drama to the situation that we may not expect as the audience is not expected to think as Sam does.
	
Storyline:  94
	Unltimately this is a romance show, be it comedic or dramatic, its about Sam as he dives into the dating world, a social world, as someone with a social disorder.  He really takes the hero's journey on this, and the added factor of Julia being a romantic link, given she's the most consistent non-family female in his life, really creates a rollercoaster of emotion and social adventure for any character.  While he only has focuses on what is going on in his pursuits, everyone focusing on him creates a fun storyline dependency in the show.  There is a LOT that happens in a very short amount of time.
	
Character Development:  94
	Sam develops a monumental amount in just one season of this show.  It seems almost every character is in the middle of a life changing event, if not more than one.  Even dad, who is just trying to connect with his kids while he does what he can for the family, has to deal with the events happening in each of the other family members' lives.  He's learning to deal almost as much as the audience.  For each character that isn't just some random from the high school, I feel heavily invested early on.  Its easy to see value in characters by the end of a story, but feeling the importance of a character after just a scene or two is impressive to do for the audience.
	
Compulsion:  94
	I have a good time watching this.  The characters are funny and lovable when they're supposed to be, even mom is enjoyable in her support of her family even if her affair feels distracting at best.  I love Paige as a character, I would be happy to watch this from her perspective.  Not only does she stir up conflict while providing progress in the story, her pep, passion and eagerness counter Sam's stubborness and social awkwardness.  Not only do they seem to make a good pair bonding, but the writing has them playing off one another beautifully.
	
Final Score:  94
	I get that Austism may not be intriguing to you, but if you can be open to an new experience, this is a great watch.
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5770786/?ref_=nv_sr_1
	Netflix:	https://www.netflix.com/title/70296765

General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/JamOnToast528
	
	
Tags:
	#JamOnToast #JamOnToast528 #Review #series #media
