Saving Christmas Notes:

	Kirk Cameron intro
	Vikings (?) scene with narrative
	
	Family party
		Exposition about how some people don't trust the spirit of christmas.
		Met by guy that really needs a high five.
		Rambling about stupid ass work stuff, and the movie even tones it out.
		Dude hides in his car.
		Brother narrates, "if this was a story..."
		Guy whining about christmas...gifts(?)
		Guy even hates snowglobes
		
		Manger narration
		Weird deconstruction
		Swaddling cloth
		Burial Spices
		Jesus came to die as a baby....
		
		House party
		Happy Holidays vs Merry Christmas
		
		Car
		Argument against the Christmas tree as Pagan.
		
		Christmas tree lot
		Lots of excuses about god being involved
		and the appropriateness of Jesus in mid winter
		
		Garden of eden
		Adam puts himself on the tree to give the apple back to repent.
		Similar to Jesus' crucification.
		
		Car argument about santa vs jesus
			there is just nothing going on
		
		"Bad Santa"
		Weird claims that Santa used to beat ass in Jesus' name.
		
		Brother manages to inspire guy to see christmas with "new eyes".
		this causes him to burst throught he front door,
		stare at everyone like he's going to murder the lot of them.
		then belly slide almost at the presents....which are for some reason
		in between the door and EVERY guest.
		Ridiculously timed analogy between presents and Jerusalem.
		Connection between god giving gifts and christmas:
			at base of tree
			we should do as god does (#NOPE)
		Brother ass assaults Santa
		
		Just lots of talking....its a movie, dick.
		
		I thought the movie was over....
		Choreographed dance party... / shitty music video
		
		I didn't really notice until they started moving so much, but everyone looks
		like they were dragged off the street.
		
		Brother calls sister in in a vaguely incestual manner.
		
		Everyone storms out like they're going to burn down a place.
		
		They left an old asian guy behind?
		
		Promotion for materialism as a guise of celebration of the eternal god.
		Everyone had champagne flutes and wine glasses.
		
		Cameron's presentation of all of this is very cultish
		
		