Notes: Santa With Muscles

Open with a girl writing a letter to santa from an orphanage
	she talks about a Mr. something which much be a crime boss
	
Cuts to (young) Hogan beating people up
	turns out to be a training exercise
	he is a JACKASS
		might just be how he was back then, or charicature thereof
		
Paintball with full sized cars and motorbikes

He evades the police and even shoots paintballs at them.
	really stiff dialogue
	
People are expecting but can't find Santa Claus

He literally jumps out of a moving vehicle

Lady is paying off elves to find a Santa

One of the elves apparently owes money to a doctor who has a guy upside down
	he sets up a tv to talk to the guy
	
Enter the saturday morning cartoon villains of science

Hogan shows up dressed like Santa and runs from the cops.
	Ancient "hang in the trash chute" gag results in a head injury.
	Elf rolls him for his wallet.
	
Elf proceeds to trick him into believing he's actually Santa

While he is Santa, he is more like the Hulk Hogan that I knew.

ATM gag from where I don't know where, with fingerprinting

Two guys attempt to rob the charity
	kid screams and Santa goes into action
	idiots actually attack Santa
	these losers would never stick to a fight with this guy
	
Santa jumps on a moped with the elf to go to the orphanage
villain sends people there as well

Hulk Hogan say an old guy by lassoing a truck
	they actually mock him instead of begging that the god not smite them
	
Weird pajamas for Santa as they stay at the orphanage
Mila Kunis even does up his outfit

silly new report

Elf gets coerced into helping Mr. Frost
	remote television "skyping"
	can't get santa to leave

Fun confessional and singing with santa

Scientists actually provoke a fight with Hogan, and chief doc ain't too bad

One of the kids goes after Mr. Frost, Santa stops him.

they all go into a vault under the orphanage.
	find some power crystals
	
chief doctor infiltrates the orphanage and attack santa with a slide rule

bell tower fight
	thrown off the tower by an animatronic santa
	briefly remembers himself
	
he wakes up at home in a santa costume freaking out

frost decides to go after the orphanage

lenny calls hogan, gets kicked out

Hogan goes to save the orphanage, gets pursued by the police
	instead of leading the police to come help out, he has a weird comercial for "Blake's Way" products
	
Hogan get stopped as a roadblock, and dude has a bazooka....hits another officer's car

Hogan drives around the roadblock and drives up to the side of the orphanage
	he plays reverse home alone and hooks the car battery up to the door
	
I love the girl mean mugging the kidnapper
	but then she tips off his presence
	
The kids and Hogan attack Dr. Stink gas
	nothing in that would work or is effective
	
Electra grabs Hogan, fu man shu comes out and get knocked out by a pew

Lenny dumps water on Electra and "fries" her
	Lenny returns the wallet
	
Old man confronts Hogan about his background (very much not the time)
	turns out Frost is Hogan's chilhood best friend
	
Lady seduces and sucker punches the chief doctor to protect the kids

Hogan goes to confront Frost
	they have a bad sword / light sabre fight with crystals that would probably explode
	
They manage to cause enough of a problem in the cavern that the cavern itself is going to explode

Hogan offers his place as housing for the orphanage

for some reason, he has a personal view of the villains in prison...or work detail...idk



