#WeAreMovieClub Review:e
Guardians of the Galaxy 2

Format: Live Action
Applicable Genres: Modern
Applicable Settings: Comics, Sci-Fi, Action

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	Its not the first movie, but they managed to pull off a good job.

General:
	This is a fun movie with a great set of characters, very much like the first one.  If you want more of the first movie with some addtional feels, then this is a movie you need to watch.
	
Aesthetics:  95
	Even from only an Aesthetic perspective, the world building in this is amazing: Howard the Duck, the pleasure bots, Ego's planet, Baby Groot, the variety of ravagers, the Sovereign and the use of the celestial energy.  And all that is on top of great music selections and fantastic scene composition, whether its the Yondu shouting down Rocket or Gamora alone in a field as Nebula comes charging down in a ship.
	
Storyline:  85
	The biggest problem with an ensemble cast is balancing screen time and focus, this extends to number of plotlines concurrently running in the movie.  This applies greatly to this movie: there is a LOT going on with the alpha storyline being Starlord meeting Ego.  There are beta story lines for what feels like EVERY character, even if they're sharing, except for Baby Groot who is kind of just there.  On top of all that, we have the Sovereign's interference and they're just a minor obstacle mechanic: they're used as a setting, a nonsense reason for Yondu to pursue the Guardians, and an additional frivolous multiple targets during a fight where they're already fighting a planet and an infinite number of tendrils.  I hope their involvement is worth the payoff in their next appearance.
	
Character Development:  92
	There is so much beautiful character turmoil in this.  While some of the friction is somewhat forced between characters, the long standing sister drama from the first movie resolving in the fantastical violent way it does not only makes sense for the franchise, but makes their teamwork just a little bit more magical.
	
Compulsion:  90
	This is just a fun movie, and with some small exceptions of a brothel, a short discussion of procreation, and the mass murder of an entire ship, it's actually a family friendly time.  The second movie proves the formula for Guardians of the Galaxy, I hope the keep going with it.
	
Final Score:  90.5
	
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3896198/?ref_=nv_sr_1
	
General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Playlist:	https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7AobbsQMTr-qoKKOARRBDYprOrIzcRdm
	
	
Tags:
	#WeAreMovieClub #Movies Movie #Review #Comics #SciFi #Action #ScienceFiction

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	