#WeAreMovieClub Review:
Captain America: Winter Soldier

Format: Live Action
Applicable Genres: Modern
Applicable Settings: Comics, Sci-Fi, Action

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	A great way to bring Captain America into modern times.

General:
	Even back when this movie was made, Marvel studios know how to put a good movie together and make great action.
	
Aesthetics:  94
	The movie looks great, Marvel knows how to make these movies, and presents it well.  Good music, good shots, especially that elevator scene.  The SUV scene pushes some boundaries of the suspension of disbelief, but Fury escaping through a hole in the ground looks good for a Bug's Bunny move.  Having those crazy Heli-carriers in the air was the big spectacle this time, but its such a small part of it, it hard to establish investment in them while all the fighting is happening.
	
Storyline:  88
	This is about 3 betrayal stories wrapped into one, Fury has his own story line, as he always does, there is SHIELD and Hydra, and of course Captain America and Winter Soldier.  They balance it all well enough and the betrayal aspect is compelling as it creates mysterious to keep the audience engaged, even if the mysteries aren't really surprises.  On the front that it is a Super Hero movie, and less of a spy movie, we know that Fury will end up on top, Captain America won't kill his friend, and that SHIELD will prevail, even if they don't look so great in the public eye, which is where they end up far too often for a secret organization.
	
Character Development:  88
	Fury is mysterious as always, even when we learn that he uses his messed up eye as a secret backdoor of authority in SHIELD.  We get to see Black Widow come a little closer towards Captain America's point of view, and Captain America embrace a little bit more of the spy life.  I think the establishing point is that everyone has a role: some are commanders, some live in the shadows, dealing with information, some live in the light as a soldier, and some are caught up amongst everything.  I believe we're supposed to be Bucky in scenario (as the general public) lost in all the mechanics of everything.
	
Compulsion:  88
	I think the movie depends on which character you relate to most; I feel like I related to Captain America sick of all the stupid spy bullshit.  Between all of the spy stuff and how badly Winter Soldier is at being covert, I got taken out of the movie in quite a few places, but that hardly takes away from the great action and how much Steve gets embarassed by Natasha flirting with him.
	
Final Score:  89.5
	
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:			http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1843866/?ref_=nv_sr_2
	
General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/WeAreMovieClub
	Playlist:	https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7AobbsQMTr-qoKKOARRBDYprOrIzcRdm
	
	
Tags:
	#WeAreMovieClub #Movies Movie #Review

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	