#WeAreMovieClub Review:
Thor: Ragnarok

Format: Live Action
Applicable Genres: Modern
Applicable Settings: Comics, Sci-Fi, Action

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	Its funny, watch it.

General:
	Probably the best Thor and one of the top Marvel's movies to date.  This is filled with humor, action and drama: just enough of everything for everyone.  While I'm not a particularly big fan of either Thor or Hulk, pitting them against one another (especially as they weren't in Civil War) makes for a good move on Marvel's part, it creates a tension you normally would have expected between Thor and Loki.  While Hela was a better villain than the Elf Lord, being unbeatable isn't a very interesting thing to overcome because you don't.
	
	And knowing that everything is doomed from the title (Ragnarok is Norse armageddon, for the gods) doesn't leave much for discovery towards the end of the movie.  Raganarok, like the comics, was a mechanic to manipulate the Marvel characters into the greater storyline, particularly Thanos.
	
Aesthetics:  95
	Someone pull out some brilliance on this movie.  Its not just the spectacular action sequences, or the great score, but the cosmic pictures of Asgard and space are beautiful.  There are so many small details that add to the over all quality of the movie from splattered dragon blood to Thor's haircut to Hulk's butt.
	
Storyline:  85
	Thor suffers so much loss, its almost a country song: Heimdell, Odin, his hammer, his kingdom, his freedom, his eye, and Asgard itself!  Even Loki, Hulk and the Valkyrie have their own loss stories.  One would think that the storyline would be absolutely depressing if it wasn't for the constant humor and fantastic action sequences.
	
Character Development:  90
	Thor literally finds a new identity with his hammer being destroyed.  He literally unlocks his next level, both when fighting Hulk and his sister.  The development isn't necessary subtle or character, but then again its Thor, who is neither.  The more subtle aspects of Asgard growing and changing, and Thor and Loki no longer needing daddy's approval definitely add more to the character investiments than the things happening directly to Thor.
	
Compulsion:  90
	So far, this is one of the more fun Marvel movies rivaling the original Avengers, but I don't think it quite reaches Guardians of the Galaxy general amusement.  Seeing a character go through so much significant loss and still have the story be so funny is wonderful.  Even Hulk has a somewhat serious but jovial story line, which gives the audience a little bit of everything to enjoy from the movie.
	
Final Score:  90
	I doubt we're going to get a better Thor movie than this.
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103644/?ref_=nv_sr_1
	
General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/WeAreMovieClub
	Playlist:	https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7AobbsQMTr-qoKKOARRBDYprOrIzcRdm
	
	
Tags:
	#WeAreMovieClub #Movies Movie #Review

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	