Review: Gravity Falls (Season 1)
Format: Animated
Applicable Genre: Family, Mystery, Sci-Fi/Fantasy

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	I don't know if there is another mystery show that I would recommend, much less another animated one.  

General:
	With a great balance of episodic and continuity blend, the shows strong point is a how it presents and deals with its conflicts.  With Dipper constantly seeking out adventure he becomes an antagonist of sorts, driving the story forward and creating interesting situations.
	
Aesthetics:  92
	A cute and friendly animation style that is supported by good voice acting and ridiculous characters and situations that allow for fun creatures and spectacular scenes to be on the screen.  The opening theme song is done well enough that every time I hear it, I can feel myself get excited about the episode.  The studio actually goes as far as adopting a seperate animation style for a character that is brought to life from a video game.
	
Storyline:  95
	Most of the conflicts arise from fun disfunctional family/friend drama, but the show even includes a love triangle, investigating unique magical and mysterious creatures, but most importantly the introduction of Lil' Gideon.  With the (real) main characters being children, its is appropriate to have a child villain with the powers of an adult (to give the arbitrary villainous upperhand) as the antagonist to Stan as well as the kids.  To go one further, it even include Lil' Gideon in the mythos of the Journals eventually revealing that he is competing with Dipper and Stan by the end of the season.
	
Character Development:  95
	It seems almost impossible to so fluidly development so many characters for this town.  There must be a chronological flowchart somewhere that tracks the whereabouts for each person in the town and magical creatures in the forest.  Every episode not only delivers a short story, furthers the long plot, but gives each character something new to carry into the next episode.
	
Compulsion:  96
	Fun.  Not only is this show fun, but it is deep with secret meanings and complex concepts.  Great for adults, good for kids and quite possible educational, if indirectly.
	
Final Score:  94.5
	Watch this show, and if you have kids, bring them along for the ride.  Talking about this experience you have together will do wonders.
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1865718/?ref_=nv_sr_1
	Hulu:		https://www.hulu.com/gravity-falls

General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/JamOnToast528
	
	
Tags:
	#Series #Review #JamOnToast #JamOnToast528 #tv #television