Jam On Toast Review:
Star vs the Forces of Evil (Season 1)

Format: Animated
Applicable Genre: Family, Mystery, Sci-Fi/Fantasy

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	Every episode, I'm looking forward to the character quirks and adventures, and afterwards I'm left wanting more.

General:
	Not since Gravity Falls have I been so surprised at how good a show is, let alone how good and animated family friendly show is.  I'll give them this, Disney knows how to throw enough money at something to get quality out of it.
	
Aesthetics:  92
	I can't boast the animation is the most detailed, or is CG, 3D, or is a holoprotected masterpiece, but one doesn't need that to be great.  The beauty of animation is highlighting the bits you want to emphasize whenever you would like to so, whether it by changing its color suddening, animating it or animating it in such a way that you can't help but look: the latter being key to the way that this series chooses to animate.
	
Storyline:  96
	Interestingly enough, this seems to have started as an experimental series of shorts as the entire first season is written as half episodes (about 10 mins) until the last two episodes.  This allows the writers to do light hearted single stories without tracking back and forth between Alpha and Bravo story lines.  However this doesn't seem to matter as not only does the show continue a sequential storyline through the season, but it keeps contiunity amongst most of the supporting characters.  A royalty story, a fish out of water, a coming of age story, a magical girl story filled with social commentary, a subtle romance plot, and a series of episodic sub-plots from adult sitcoms, barely paired down for a family show.  Not only do we have a royal rival between Star and Ludo over her wand for a villain, it gets amped up to a villain with a mysterious plan.
	
Character Development:  95
	The coming of age and magical girl aspects of this show are very consistent with Star growing as a person (however unapparent) every episode.  Marco, her parents, Ponyhead, and even Todd all grow as the show progresses.  It seems that some of the side characters stay fairly consistent, but just their acceptance of the situation says a lot about them.  Jana and Jackie both seem to lean into it, particularly.
	
Compulsion:  97
	I won't lie, I've scofted at happy go lucky shows before and I honestly turned this on thinking, "Let's see how silly this is."  I wasn't wrong, but its silliness is catching and part of what makes almost every moment good.  You never know what is about to happen and they found the perfect rhythm of formulaic for practicality and spontanaity for entertainment.
	
Final Score:  95
	
-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2758770/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1
	Hulu:		https://www.hulu.com/star-vs-the-forces-of-evil

General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/JamOnToast528
	
	
Tags:
	#JamOnToast #JamOnToast528 #Review #series #media
