+[Outside a house, on the border of a dimly lit wood, there was a scarecrow made of straw with a pumpkin head.]

[Gradually, the scarecrow began to think to itself, ]

Jak:	What....what is this warm feeling?  The light?  The light!
		Where has the darkness gone, am I returned to the world?
		To where have I arrived?
	
[After a little while of taking in its surroundings, the scarecrow tried to speak its first words in this world,]

Jak:	Hello? That's not right, have I forgotten how to speak?....Come to think of it, I'm not sure what I remember.
		There was the darkness, then there was light...
		My hands feel strange, and I seem very tall; it seems my feet don't touch the ground.
	
[Struggling, the scarecrow loosens itself and collapses to the ground.  Pulling itself up its old post, it steadies
itself enough to stumble to the gate between the house and the road.]

Jak:	Whoa, nothing feels quite right, quite real.  This body....my body seems to be made of straw....
		How strange.  I know I must go, but past that gate: I'm just not sure to where.
	
[Passing the gate, the scarecrow attempts to take a deep breath of fresh air.]

Jak:	*inhales noise* Ahhh, oh....er, well: it doesn't seem I need to breathe, but the scent of the air is still
		refreshing.  I wonder which way I should follow the path...I am Jak's determination, I must go.  In fact,
		that seems like a good name....even if I can't say it.  Wait, what's that noise?
	
[Down the road, a woman's voice can be heard yelling,]

Kandeec:	Come back here with that!  That was MY fruit!  You little monster.
	
[Running after a kitsune, the woman doesn't seem to notice Jak standing in the path.  The kitsune runs through and 
past Jak, and in her pursuit, the woman slams into Jak and they both spill to the ground.]

Kandeec:	Ow, ooof, what, what happened?  Huh, why did someone put a scarecrow in the middle of the path?!

[Jak pushes to sit up.]

Kandeec:	Oh Gya!  It moved....wait, are you alive?  Oh my, here, let me help.
	
[The two get up and dust themselves off.]

Kandeec:	Sorry about that, The Alchemist ran off with our lunch all for himself.
	
[The kitsune returns with the fruit.]

Kandeec:	Or maybe he was just playing; he knows we usually share.
	
[She breaks off some fruit for The Alchemist and begins to nibble at the fruit.]

Kandeec:	I'm Kandeec, by the by, can I offer you some of this...um....
	
[Jak looks at her and the fruit.  Feeling no compulsion to eat, he shakes his head.]

Kandeec:	Okay, what's your name?  Can...can you talk?  You do have a pumpkin for a head.
	
[Jak shakes his head.]
	
Kandeec:	But I should call you something.
	
Jak:	If only I could make this body talk...what if I try spelling
		
[Jak grabs a stick and writes Jak in the dirt.]

Kandeec:	Oh, okay Jak, pleased to meet you!  Doesn't seem like you'll be much for 
			conversation, but if you're going north, then you're welcome to come along.
			The Alchemist and I are going to save the world.
	
Jak:		What does she mean by that?  Can a lady and a kitsune really save the world 
			by themselves? Perhaps if I follow, then she'll explain.
	
[With that, Jak shuffles after Kandeec and The Alchemist.]

Kandeec:	Hey, Jak, you ever wonder why were here? *fade out*
	
	
	
	
	
[*Door slams open* A bleary eyed lady, wrapped in a blanket walks out of the house ]

Beatriks:	What is going on out here, can't a girl get some beauty sleep? Not that 
			I need it, *sigh*.  Doesn't look like there is anything to worry about...
			The sound wards must be wearing if travelers woke me up.
			Why is the gate	OPEN?! I don't sense anyone magical nearby....
	
[In a cloud of magic, the blanket disappears and the lady is dressed as an apparent witch.]

Beatriks:	"Malefisent!"
	
[In another cloud of magic, Malefisent appears as another scarecrow with a pumpkin head,
but much more nicely dressed: to include top hat and cape.]

Malefisent:	Beeahtriks, whatever do you need with ME?
	
Beatriks:	I think we've had a break in, I need you to check the wards, magical presences and
			then help me check inventory.
	
Malefisent:	Well, that seems serious.  Who would be mad enough to break into YOUR place and not
			kill you?
	
Beatriks:	Even if they attacked while I was sleeping, they'd have to be epically magical 
			just to walk away.
	
Malefisent:	Magical enough to circumvent your wards.
	
Beatriks:	Well, are they BROKEN then?
	
Malefisent:	As far as I can tell as well, it doesn't seem like they have been activated or 
			broken...hmmmm
	
Beatriks:	The only way that could happen is if they were registered when the wards were 
			activated and then walked out the gate....
	
Malefisent:	We should really check your stores...
	
[After a bit of time, the two emerge]

Beatriks:	It doesn't seem that anything is missing, was this a test?  What HAPPENED?
	
Malefisent:	I'm sorry mistress, I'm not sure how this could happen.
	
Beatriks:	You seem oddly pleasant.
	
Malefisent:	I'm compelled not to fail you: this situation is very...troubling.
	
Beatriks:	Then....don't.
	
Malefisent:	Mistress....did...did you have another scarecrow in the yard?
	
Beatriks:	Yes, that one there.
	
Malefisent:	It seems, we've found our culprit.  It has gone.
	
Beatriks:	WHAT?
	
[The two rush to the gate.]

Beatriks:	Where would it have gone, and it didn't raid the stores?
	
Malefisent:	Its possible.  It appears "Jak" thought of nothing but leaving.
	
Beatriks:	Jak?
	
Malefisent:	In the dirt, I think we can assume it is having control issues.
	
Beatriks:	Ah, that can happen: especially if there isn't an invocation 
			tethering the soul.  But where DID IT GET A SOUL?
	
Malefisent:	Perhaps we should look closer at your collection?
	
Beatriks:	Impossible, unless the soulvice is damaged, it is completely sealed.
	
[The two go into the house to investigate the soul collection.]

Beatriks:	See, all the soulvices are accounted for.
	
Malefisent:	It seems some of the seals are not active.
	
Beatriks:	What?  They're active, they're all there.
	
Malefisent:	Then why can I get through them?  Some of the seals are leaking.  Did you do these yourself?
	
Beatriks:	Not all of them.  It could be the magic is finally fading after the 
			death of the original caster.
	
Malefisent:	Then you should reseal these.  I will search for the lost soul.
	
Beatriks:	You should hurry then, who knows how far its wandered by now...