Scary Movie Squad: House on Willow street

Start with a group of people with a deadline.
Way too serious, way to much levity.

Roll up in a van to do something.
Sneak up on the house with a flashlight on.

Shitty stealth job.
Find angelic runes.
Girl sneaks up on a guy.
They kidnap girl.

take here to warehouse, chain her up, survellience
force feed water.
girl threatens her

maybe a ghost?


it turns out they're going to ransom her off.
Shows her a gun with no bullets and tells her they won't harm her to get her to cooperate.
	WTF?

They want to go to plan b WAY too soon.
They have a weird timeline.

Girl shakes her chain (bell) enough to destroy all the lights

two guys go back to the house for some reason
	maybe to contact parents
	
lady kidnapper goes down to WHERE THE KIDNAPPED GIRL IS TO FLIP THE BREAKERS
	chain is long enough she can turn it off by hand
	
lady kidnapper sees a ghost briefly

lady kidnapper gets too close and lets the girl grab her (and DOESN'T hit her)
girl takes down kidnapper's mask

girl freaks her out with a song

	its apparent these people are not good at kidnapping because they're somewhat decent people
	
dude on survellience walks off screen

back at the house, the guys find bad fruit and no parents, to include a weird recording of "why our little girl, why this house"

find dead parents and a priest

And a picture that moved.  Just incase you didn't get it, it moves twice more.

Guy sees a ghost of a friend.

they book it, and same ghost scares them into flipping the van.

survellience guy sees his dead daughter and shoots at her

guys in van wake up and crawl away, separately

one guy gets attacked by a dead girl and tongued (his mom)

back at the warehouse, the lady finally starts seeing her ghost again (burn victim)
	we're seeing long range manifestation to included ghosts touching and environment manipulation
	
we find out about some diamonds

arguements about getting the fuck out of there

they play some interview they happen to have with the girl being normal.

she reveals that she found the angellic runes on a board in the basement.
she goes over the murders in the house.

she names a demon of tortured souls

she shows a stomach filled with carvings that is pulsating
tape ends

made out with him mom guy is going crazy as girl is reciting a nursery rhyme.

new tape: weird creepy priest talking with parents
about her possession
they tied her to a chair in the basement
we learn about the "4 souls" rule
girl levitates a bunch of shit and kills everyone

they decide she's bad news and dude goes full on possession.
he runs outside and is....drank like a milkshake, level up for the demon.

demon strikes a deal with the father for the other two souls, so we'll have human on human again.
fat ghost shows up to go after blondie

	I don't know why they're still in this warehouse...

she sees burnt ghost in the grate see was in

blondie shoots...previously possessed guy, I'm losing track at this point

father figured shows up and pulls a gun on the other two.
he delivers them to the demon, who is being creepy

we go into the worst wire work
demon frees herself from bondage
while the demon tries to hold both people down and tongue them into possession
father figure has a sudden change of heart and is able to choke the demon out?
but not really, she tongues and possesses him

the two run away, she shoots a shotgun while he works on getting a grate open and then has her escape
he sacrifices himself, but kills himself to prevent possession

she get out of the place, through the woods, to the van
the other 3 try to gang bang her
but it looks like her ghost stops it
demon is chained to the van (why would it care?)

demon chews its hand to slip the cuff
demon runs off

lady bashes in its head
burns her, burns everything













