START OF SCENE: Nin: World Savior
	Nin and The Alchemist start on top of a cliff overlooking the manor of Von Peebles.
	After a short, one-sided, discussion Nin, affirms that what they are doing is right and just.....and leaps from the cliff.
	Crashing through the skylight of the manor as the Alchemist screams, Nin sticks the landing as glass rains down.
	Nin: "OH MY SOUL, I'M ALIVE.  I'M ALIVE!"
	Von Peebles: "It would appear so..."
	Von Peebles sits upon a throne in a large empty chamber.
	(Looking up): "You know it is very expensive to repair that."
	Nin: "Von Peebles!  You're here!"
	Von Peebles: "Yes...this is my home.  Did you hit your head?  Or do you really not know where you are?"
	Nin: "Well, that wasn't EXACTLY on purpose, but don't pretend that you care!"
	Von Peebles: "You're rather rude visitor."
	Nin: "I'm not in the business of introductions."
	Nin pulls her knife, pointing it towards Von Peeble's voice.
	Von Peebles: "Oh, this again... I'm afraid the novelty of such things has worn itself thin..."
	Nin: "Its time to put an end to your atrocities."
	Von Peebles: "..."
	Nin: "No snappy retort?"
	Von Peebles: "Suppose I do end here as you say: what then?  Do you assume the throne, rule the order I've created in my stead?"
	Nin: "..."
	Von Peebles: "None of you ever think out your 'heroics'.  None of you consider what your actions will come to in the end.
		You fail to see the greater order, that we are all just gears in the great machine: I have lived long enough to know
		that machine, to guide, feed and maintain that great MACHINE, and I will live long enough to see that great machine persist.
		And I will certainly live to memorialize you after you insist on this foolishness....OH, you even brought a friend."
	The Alchemist: *Defiant squeek*
	Nin: "If you're so confident, what does it matter if I brought an army?"
	Von Peebles: "It doesn't, I'm afraid, but it would have been refreshing for anything to be different from EVERY OTHER TIME!"

	Von Peebles rushes Nin and The Alchemist.

	Nin drinks a potion and proceeds to slash attack Von Peebles.

	Von Peebles: "You are very fast: coming from me, I promise you, THAT is a compliment."

	Battle continues.

	Von Peebles gains the advantage.

	Nin: "Go ahead then, finish me off *cough, hack* I guess I'm not the one to finish you afterall *sputter* but at least I tried....someone had to stand up to you."

	Von Peebles: "That is what I tried to tell you before: many have, and you will join they're bravery in the museum like all the rest....."
	*LOUD NOISE / THUD*
	Von Peebles: "What's this?  Did you bring an army afterall?" *looks down* "Perhaps not.  I think we will both appreciate it if we finish this when I can honor you afterwards."

	Von Peebles leaves Nin and escapes through a secret passage behind his throne.

	*thundering foot steps*
	A large band of warriors run up to where Nin is.

	"Where IS HE?"
	"He was supposed to be here."
	"Looks like someone got here first..."
	Royal Paladin: "Hold on.  By Parth, I believe you can be saved."
	Ember Mage: "What is your name?"
	Nin: "Nin....and The Alchemist...."
	The Alchemist: *Squeee*
	Nin swoons and the scene fades.

END OF SCENE