Scary Movie Squad: The Vault

Opens with creepy credits

Then Franco getting coffee.

Some blonde getting an interview.

Suit hitting on the teller. (Detective)
								Odd conversations about sirens and fires.

Angry customer about bouncing checks
	(Wichita from Orange is the New Black)
	
Detective talks to the Security Guard about people getting out
	Guard ends up locking the door (close to closing, odd to focus on it, but reasonable realistically)
	
Blonde happy chatting the bank manager.

Angry girl is cursing and acting a fool at the teller, unruly like.
	Lots of verbage about "who pays when you make a mistake"
	
Plain clothes detective walks by the firemen, even sees a face
	gets mocked by his partner in the car.
	
Bank manager reveals that he can't keep tellers
	expands that the bank might be haunted
	
Angry girl escalates the situation for a manager
	head teller comes over, a guard comes over
	head teller says she doesn't have an account
		continued arguing
		bank manager leaves to get involved
		
Security guard lets 3 firemen into the bank.

Blonde gives angry girl the eye
	angry girl headbutts the guard
	blonde pulls out a shotgun
	guard calls in the disturbance
	guard pulls a pistol on angry girl
	fireman hits guard in the back of the head with an axe handle.
		has the guard give a "situation under control"

Robbers take control of the situation
	argue about hurting people
	getting access open where they need it and storing people other places
	
Idiot tries to run
	they shoot him, looks like it blew open his knee
	
The only found $70,000 from the Vault Supply
	they argue about it not being half a million
	plenty of alpha dog fighting
		even escalates to a mexican stand off
		
Franco speaks up about "where the money is"
	He convinces the robbers to let him help to try to keep people safe.
	He volunteers a key, they take the bag off his head.
	Everyone loses masks and the blonde girl takes off her wig
	
Robbers get into the basement
	hostages get stupidly chatty
	one idiot even gets his mask off, he's seperate and told he's first in line to die
	
Power glitches start
	flashes allude to it being ghost related
	
Police try to walkie talkie the security guard.

Handsome robber takes a hostage to the restroom who refuses to go.
																			THE FUCK, if you're going to ask the guy with a gun to go pee, you better be ready to pee, right?
																			
Franco asks "Who's in charge?", he seems to want to be shot.

bullshit, bullshit, bullshit

angry girl thinks they overlooked someone

handsome goes to "cut the pipe"

																			there are too many scenes of just Franco looking off screen

guy drills into the safe																			
																			might be where the ghosts are "released"
																			
he freaks out
	they can't see ghosts on the monitors
	he can't radio up
	the ghosts force him back in the vault
	
biggins freaks out next
	guy is being....tickled by the ghosts.....its hard to tell
	
girls can't break down the door to the basement, but they are holding shotguns

vault
	the lead robber hands scissors to a hostage ghost.....and it stabs the guy....doesn't make sense to me
	
room
	biggins gets held down by the ghosts and the lead robber gets in his face
	
angry girl finally shoots the knob in on the door
other door opens on its own and not-blonde checks hostages
handsome finally gets in the vault and just finds a lighter the hallway, then guy in the vault
	he drills out his own temple while handsome watches
																					there is a nice moment when everything gets eerily calm right before he finds guy
	
detective calls for negotiations
	not blonde gives him a lot of silence, does a single tear drop, and dictates terms to him
	
angry girl goes down the vault to investigate, I guess handsome didn't clue her in.

searching for answers, not blonde interrogates Susan, the head teller
	Susan give us a narration of the 1982 bank robbering, suggesting that its still haunted
		He held hostages for days, he killed everyone, burned some of the bodies
		he was never caught, nor his body recovered
		
she's about to elctro torture Susan when handsome shows up
	he sort of breaks down a bit
	
he finally tells someone about guy
	he apologizes and swears they're going to get out of there
	
angry girl shows up with some of the cash

not blonde fills angry girl in about the cops and guy

not blonde actually notices that every bill is from 1982 (which IS weird, but there is some tracability issues)
	she and handsome have noticed enough weirdness that they're looking for answers when angry girl is caught up in her own shit
		and I....just.....can't.....care

not blonde saves angry girl from a sniper....really?

franco tries to convince angry girl against not blonde

not blonde asks the security guard why they're shooting

not blonde discovers the garbled phone message

Handsome finds a pretty girl with a broken ankle who turns out to be a ghost

Not blonde takes the tall asshole (who she threatened to kill) to release him in exchange for knowing who called the police
	police say no phone call, just bad radio transmission
	she realizes it was Franco
	
Handsome tells Angry girl to get in the water main pipe and go

Some alarm goes off (fire)
	Franco says they police HAVE to come in now
	she cuts him loose to cut others loose
	security warns her away from the haunted basement
	
Police enter
	they go out through basement, lighting it up as they go (to slow other down?)
	
they face the ghosts and run, run run

not blonde gets to the water main and her fireman outfit and the lead robber ghost gets to her

handsome loses his mask, busts a pipe and tries to burn all the ghosts.....(and himself)

sisters make it out and to a rendevue point
	they can't talk about ghosts, but talk about ghosts
	
Susan talks to the police about Franco
	police say Franco wasn't there (he's a ghost!)
	she ends up recognizing him from the 1982 line up
	
Girls can't start their jeep
	angry girl goes to look under the hood
		lead robber jumps out with accompanying music
			cut to black




	
	
	