Scary Movie Squad: Krampus Unleashed

Open up on guys getting together to dig.
They dig "5 holes" to find a box of rags in a shallow ditch.

Wonderful story of cursed stones by Klaus that he would deliver to his enemies.
...Bigfoot shows up and disembowls a guy
One guy tries to hold him off.

Krampus doesn't waste time killing these fools.

The lack of snow is throwing me off.

Guy stops running away to rub his hair down with dirty creek water.
Rock glows, he drops it in the creek, Krampus rips out his heart.

I'm not sure where the swamp was, but the credits open in a desert.

Weird family driving through the desert to see extended family. (mother's family)
Apparently the cousin tries to pick on the son and spy on the daughter.

....I think when assigning rooms, grandma used colors.

Great little speech about predators hunting.
	Knowing was analgous for having to hunt / be hunted by Krampus, I couldn't pay attention.
	
Random store scene with random hunter, about maybe Krampus as bigfoot?

Cousin and family driving in and stop at same shop.
	Apparently nothing works at the gas station.
	Troy (cousin) is out back peeing and runs into hunters talking over a track.
	
"Bigfoot?" "You ain't never watched the history channel?"

Troy is demonstrated as an idiot by videoing pissed off rednecks.
Troy's dad is a condescending dick.

Troy has to be actively stopped from videoing his cousin's ass to say hello.

Troy is oblivious to the effort being put in for dinner, and makes a sandwich.
He then sits in the middle of a loveseat with his cousin and proceeds to eat the sandwich.
He also does the slow arm around her and she punches him.

Seeing a golden nugget, it prompts a whole thing about going panning for gold.

"Holiday Shift" with a secretary and a security guard not-celebrity working on a holiday.

Woods....within walking distance of the desert, same dirty creek where the rock dropped.
They start panning and hot lady shows up. (Bonnie)

At this point, Troy MUST be retarded.  He suddenly recognizes theres a girl there.

At the last possible moment, Tommy noticing a rock that looks like all the other rocks and takes it.

The security guard shows up at Bonnie's, he must be her ex.

Troy is a dick and steals the rock from Tommy.

Apparently the fire from the cigarette infuses the rock with power and we see glowing nordic runes.

Some guy is spying through the window at....Bonnie? and she sneaks up on him with a shotgun.
She then invites him in....for banging.

Hunters claim to have an old fashion 50 calibre rifle.
They also have a philosophical discussion of killing an endangered species.

Bonnie and perv get it on in the hot tub: marked for death.

Troy's a stupid dick: filming people that don't want it.
"Pet rock" "Your sister's kind of hot."
"Signal finally" "Now, if you only had someone to call...."

Hunters all twitchy.  Shot a rabbit with a 50 cal....there wouldn't be anything left.
Krampus gets them with a double head knock from behind.
	Krampus kills so quick.
	
Bonnie's bf goes out into the dark to investigate a strange noise: marked for death.
Bonnie finds Krampus eating him on the front porch.
She gets a shotgun and hits him with 3-4 rounds, no obvious effect.

Tommy's rock starts glowing.
Bonnie goes to the family's house to call the police.
Grandma is concerned with why Bonnie is in a bathrobe.

Security guard is actually a cop and christmas sweater lady  is actually the 911 operator.
REAL Texans have a coat closet and a gun closet.
Dispatch REALLY draws out the conversation about checking into the disturbance for someone being reported dead.

Grandpa and dad went out to look around and uncle saw Krampus kill them.

Police tell everyone to stay in, and almost everyone goes out.
Grandma is decapitated.

Even Bonnie and sister (who had decided to stay in the house) decide to leave.

Tommy finds pieces of dad, and Krampus gets mom.

	Herd is thinning out fast.

Ah, just enough to fit in the SUV.
Idiot is speeding too much, and yelling so he hits a barrier.
	Wife is killed in the collision.
	Troy finally has a brush with reality.
	
They leave Troy's day behind.

Bonnie is now in charge of 3 children.
She leads them to an old man with a story of the prologue.
Old man devises a plan to kill Krampus, by dropping a mountain on him.

They drawn in Krampus, but Krampus gets old man Coop as he's lighting the fuse.

They find the cop, but tell the cop that Troy is behind them.

Before Troy can find the cop, BABY Krampus gets him.




