So I logged onto facebook the other day saw a post something like,

"Xbox One revealed, must be online, everyday... Nope. May just become an exclusive PC gamer now...

Which I immediately liked because PC gaming wins all.  Right now, all the advantages and no downside that doesn't exist on another platform.

Disclaimer:  When I say PC I don't mean just a Windows PC.

There was some clamoring for PS4 over Xbox One and the standard argument of 

"What's wrong with being online all the time every day? Your computer is..."

Which is evidence against its own statement: why would I want another computer that HAS to be online to function?

And what's more the statement is a lie: if my internet goes out, I can still use my computer.  I can still use my local network.

Moving along, the poster pointed out a very good future thinking point: once we're forced into an option, companies will charge fees and inact restrictions to increase profits, not to mention censorship.

There are alot of problems with brand controlled merchandise, and most of them result in the controlling companies not receiving as much of my money as they wanted.

He also made the excellent point that he wasn't going to vote for it by giving Microsoft his hard earned money.






While it was mostly agreed, I as well, that current game online communitites are already starting to do this, I can't get behind the poster's declaration of STEAM as the people's "White Knight".

I agree that STEAM is helpful, a step in the right direction and certainly the least of evils.





Onto the mention of one of the two biggest "always online" DRM failures: Sim City, the other being Diablo.  While the games are still colossal successes to me, it is amazing how many people can get upset about getting a video game at once.

Massive issues in both launches to try to get servers up, without the option for people to run their own servers.  Not only do you have the millions of complaints from people WHO PAID MONEY to buy the product,

but what happens in 10 years?  You can't play it anymore because the servers aren't up...no even in one player mode.  Your $60+ title is reduced to nil over time where as certain NES cartridges sell for thousands.



And help you if you want to trade or sell your property.  I'm not even sure how I would go about selling my copy of Diablo 3.  There was even a request to charge someone a fee for a "used" game.

Even if you were to get a physical copy of it, don't ask someone who is not involved in the process to charge you for something they are not a part.  In the best case for this, the seller should be charged an admin fee for the license being moved from profile to profile.

In the case of digital only copies....I should be allowed to forfeit my online access through my account by gifting it to another player.

With digital games there is no such thing as "used", and I'm a fan of that.  Sure you lose out in pricing, but all the pricing needs to be reduced anyways, especially when the companies don't have to manufacture physical copies.

And with ease of distribution, the publishers have less to do, can standardize their cut and allow the developing party to stand to gain from real sales.



The last thing that came up before I ruined the post was an admittance of one of the key problems with video games as a retail community.  That people, compelled to buy video games as they are, give their hard earned money to people/companies they hate in order to get the games they love that they never played.

This is where the stereotypes for gamers being pathetic comes from.  We'll supposedly let companies swindle us out of hundreds if not thousands of dollars that we don't have to spend time we don't have (or shouldn't have) playing things that don't look like they could possibly amount to anything to people who don't love them as much as we do.

What's EVEN WORSE, is that this tells big companies like SONY (don't ask me how as last I heard they were losing money on PS3s) that people want their product and like what they're doing with it.

When a dog shits on your bed, don't you dare pet it.  You squirt it, crate in, kick it, whatever you have to do let it know that you don't like what it did.

Don't give big corporations you don't like your money, eventually they'll change to meet actually demand of the public or we'll put them down.

The fact is that these are luxury items no one HAS to have. We privilege companies and reinforce their behavior buy giving them our money. Vote as you will: don't support people doing things with which you don't agree.

The only reason I haven't bought "The Unfinished Swan" is because I wouldn't be able to play without a PS3. I'd happily give the developers/a publisher my money for that game, but I'm not paying for a console I don't want.

The above is a limit on purchasing set by platform. There is not a single game that exists I wouldn't rather play on my PC with a game controller.




Even though many people are privileged americans in the middle to upper class spoiled with great amenities, not everyone has reliable internet (and I'm talking world wide here).  Some people may save up for an entire year,

like people did when they were financially sensible, to get a console and a game, possibly 1 player, but then have to pay a third party for internet service?  They're already paying for the electricity to run it,

why do I need two fuel sources?

The facts are that not everyone has reliable internet, and I don't want to not play a one player game because AT&T turned off my internet to do maintenance, after all I wouldn't have internet would I?

The fact is that "always online" and DRM turn people off of your product.  i.e. Diablo 3 and Sim City 4







Eventually people will realize that consoles are dead technology just like they're finally starting to realize cable television is.

The SOLUTION is to take the specialized hardware and put it into PCs, this allows modular cost manufacturing and retail purchasing. It removes the cross-platform issues. It saves companies specialized brand manufacturing, and allows them to make a larger profit as publishers.

The resulting problem is that it requires the customers to be smarter about their technology, and no one likes that. Customers enjoy appearing hip and smart without all the effort, and retailers enjoy tricking stupid people into buying their products.

It would allow for a temporary market of people outfitting rigs for entertainment purposes to maintain the people's apathy. Hell what a great way to bring up a new generation: instead of flipping burgers, they're flipping PCs.

Like STEAM, the specialized gaming hardware should be accessed by software (which YOU have control over it being on or off) that can determine if an internet connection is available and if it needs to be used for the game being played, maybe even offer a mock server for LAN or single play experience.

Even STEAM isn't a good business module for purchasing all the time. I can buy a physical board game and invite anyone to try it with me. On STEAM everyone has to buy their own board game instead of just the host where it should be anyone can play for free, but you purchase the ability to host.



While I'm typically an Empire man, in this case, the Republic has the answer.  Each game's production company needs to be in charge of their own product, distribute to what platforms on which it wants to try to make money and likewise responsible for upkeep to public servers.

If produce a game and distribute it, then you and I should have a say whether you can play it with or without an internect connection, or can trade it away, and not have it forced on us by big companies that think we'll just cave.

I have no intention of buying a Xbox One or PS4, I am curious to see what all of this does to the sales for the OUYA.





The FACT is that we can point out 100 things being done poorly, but they're never fixed because people keep supporting the mistakes and don't offer the solutions themselves.
7 hours ago · Like

Cris Kamurai Sorry Peter Neal, I wasn't TRYING to out write everyone else, but I wanted a good reference if I go back and do a vlog on this.