Review: Lemon

Hit or Skip:  Skip!

General:
	A very lackluster movie.  While Judy Greer and Jillian Jacobs got me in the door, the movie quickly turns then into enemies of the main character.  The misplaced aggression towards them is fairly off putting as we're told the story of this sad man.

Aesthetics:  70
	The movie is well shot and mood is well convened to the audience by the audio cues in the movie.  But for each wonderful moment where one character is parallelled to another or a scene is being powerfully executed, there seems to be 10 times as much of just sad, creepy, awkwardness piled into the movie.

Storyline:  60
	The story is about a sad man, in a sad relationship, with no friends who finds all these new things that are not what he wants them to be and ultimately as dissatisfying as the previous stuff.  This movie is NOT unlifting at all, and while there is a brief hope of something beautiful in the middle of the movie as he is dating a woman, it seems to be arbitrarily broken.  There doesn't seem to be any causation to his downfall other than its when the story says he must sabotage himself.

Character Development:  70
	While I was expecting real development from the supporting characters, we really get very little from them other than what they contribute to the main character.  His neighbor friend's progression is based off his bird's dying, and his wife's affair is just to example the disfunction in their relationship so that he's able to take his new romantic pursuit.  We get an incredible amount of development (by him and the other characters) on the main character.  While the movie drives this development, it doesn't feel like it goes very far.

Compulsion:  45
	There are definitely moments where the movie gets interesting, a funny scene here or there, but its the scenes where it focuses on just how weird and messed up his life is that are not only boring but depressing.  The continuous woman hate going on in the movie, plus the unnecessary focus on racial divide didn't draw me in, and I wasn't personally invested enough in pyschologically breaking down his character.
	
Final Score:  61.25
	I can’t recommend this movie.  It might be just good enough for a Bad Movie Night, but I can't gurantee most people won't just be bored.

-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5973364/?ref_=nv_sr_1
	Hulu:		https://www.hulu.com/watch/1193209

General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/JamOnToast528
	
	
Tags:
	#Movies #Review #JamOnToast #JamOnToast528
