Review: End of the Fucking World (Season 1)
Format: Live Action
Applicable Genre: Pyschological Thriller, Dark Humor, Coming of Age

Hit or Skip:  Hit!
	If you are looking for a fun, but dark, coming of age story, then this is it.

General:
	
Aesthetics:  85
	With the majority of the story being very everyday settings, in England, there really isn't an lot going for it in general sets.  For those of you that count it, it doesn't even have that much risque to it.  But the ridiculous scenarios and the particular styling of the dialogue (yes, dialogue) really help give the show an interesting aesthetic.  Even past his fantasies of murdering his girlfriend, their respective psychosis creating interesting looking scenes in their own right.
	
Storyline:  85
	While the story really boils down to resourceful road trip, the characters and the directions of the exploration from episode to episode deep and strong.  Every episode is very well structured and leaves you thinking that almost anything could happen.
	
Character Development:  90
	The amount of psychological research that should have gone into this show is staggering.  This series manages to explore depression, disassociation, detachment, compensory behavior for trauma, suicide, rape, brutality, psychopathy, compensory behavior for empathic psychopathy, rebellion, conformity, morality and I think I could go on.  This may not be a coming of age story about loving puppies and unicorns, but it is good.
	
Compulsion:  90
	Really, I had a very hard time nailing down what was going to happen with the characters throughout the series.  This is the sort of thing that keeps a show fresh and intriguing.  The writers really do keep you guessing and entertained.
	
Final Score:  87.5
	This series really surprised me.  It is full of misdirection, but is ultimately a coming of age story about the extremes of self discovery and independence.  With such a dark start the show is full of promise.  It doesn't disappoint and adds further complexities as the two lead characters adventure through the world.

-Kamurai

References:
	IMDB:		http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6257970/?ref_=nv_sr_1
	Netflix:	https://www.netflix.com/title/80175722

General references:
	Rabbit:		http://rabb.it/Kamurai
	Youtube:	http://youtube.com/JamOnToast528
	
	
Tags:
	#Movies #Review #JamOnToast #JamOnToast528
